Repair Step 1: Using the T3 Torx Screwdriver, remove the two 2.00mm long screws from the inside of the clasp.

Repair Step 2: Remove the metal plate with the serial and model number on it by pulling it straight up around the two hooks.

Repair Step 3: Pull the two securing pins out of the rubberized part of the band.

Repair Step 1: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove these four .8mm screws and seperate the housing.

Repair Step 2: Use a spudger tool to disengage the power ribbon from the main board. Once the ribbon is disconnected you can separate the bottom piece of the housing that holds the battery.

Repair Step 3: Use the spudger tool again and wedge it in between the battery and the housing, pry until the battery starts to separate from the adhesive holding it in place. Once you have the battery disconnected you are ready to replace it. Despite the fact that the metal spudger is shown being used in this step, make sure to use a plastic opening tool or nylon spudger to pry up the battery. The metal spudger has a much larger chance of puncturing the battery, and thus should not be used.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to pry open the power ribbon from the main board.

Repair Step 5: Use your Torx T9 screwdriver to remove the one .8mm screw that holds the main board to the watch housing.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger to pry the motherboard out of the housing.

Repair Step 7: Once removed simply separate the digitizer from the main board.

Repair Step 8: Lastly use your spudger tool to pry the data ribbon open from the motherboard. Once the ribbon is removed the board will be free and you can replace the board.

Repair Step 9: The display is also ready to be replaced.

Repair Step 1: Remove the five 7mm screws with H1.3 hex screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to remove the face of the device to expose the inner components. There is one metal piece at the top of the face that is loose. This is the GPS antenna which will need to be removed as well. Be careful with the ribbon that connects the motherboard to the display.

Repair Step 3: Proceed to disconnect the ribbon from the motherboard using [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 4: Using a T5 screwdriver, remove the two 5mm screws. The motherboard should now move freely.

Repair Step 5: Another ribbon is attached to the top of the motherboard. Disconnect this ribbon.

Repair Step 6: Disconnect wires connecting battery to motherboard.

Repair Step 7: The battery is glued to the motherboard and will need pried off using the nylon spudger.

Repair Step 8: Now attach the new battery with adhesive and reassemble.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 5: Use PH00 screw driver to remove two 2.4mm Phillips head screws.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger or [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove a white sticker that covers a Phillips head screw.

Repair Step 7: Use PH00 screwdriver to remove 5.2mm Phillips head screw

Repair Step 8: Use ESD safe tweezers to remove the gold ribbon cable. This will expose a second 5.2mm Phillips head screw that can be removed with a PH00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to gently pry on the motherboard towards the top of the watch, being towards the 12 o'clock position to loosen the motherboard. You can now access the parts and pieces on the bottom of, and below the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Locate the ribbon connection, and use remove the clips holding the strip on each side using needle tool.

Repair Step 11: With a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully remove the ribbon strip connection.

Repair Step 12: Remove the screw driver holding the LED screen and Speaker in place.

Repair Step 13: Insert a small flat screw driver under the speaker in order to remove it.

Repair Step 14: Using tweezers, remove the speaker and move off to the side.

Repair Step 15: Place a small flat head screwdriver under the LED screen, and carefully push it out of it's socket.

Repair Step 16: Remove final connection to accelerometer. The LED screen is now separated from the device.

Repair Step 17: Grab the motherboard with [product|IF145-020|tweezers] and remove from watch cavity.

Repair Step 18: Stabilize watch with the metal prove. Place tweezers around crown and pull outward, so that the crown can be removed.

Repair Step 19: Insert the spudger under plastic panel cover in order to access watch face.

Repair Step 20: Insert a spudger under the black watch face. Gently push up, so that it can be raised out of the watch. Use tweezers or pin tool in order to remove from watch.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to grab and then gently lift up the metal plate of the safety belt. When removing the metal plate, be sure to remove them carefully as to not rip the orange tape that is attached to them. During reassembly, be sure to line up the pins of the metal plate in order to reattach correctly.

Repair Step 5: Once the safety belt is removed, use tweezers to take the motherboard out of the Gear 2.

Repair Step 6: Once the motherboard is out of the way, take your plastic spudger and apply gentle pressure to the back of the lcd. It should pop free at one corner allowing you to work your opening tool between the display and the frame. Carefully remove the screen from the frame as you apply slight pressure from the back of the screen. After separating the screen from the frame, thread the display flex cable back through the opening it is routed through. Remove screen. You should end up with the frame and the adhesive ring. (see photo) '''NOTE''' Be careful not to tear the black adhesive ring on the display. You will need the original adhesive ring to hold your new screen in place.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active2 by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears, tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening pick and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the opening pick into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover to access the sensor array connector. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the speaker.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the barometric sensor, the buttons, and the microphone.

Repair Step 8: Place a spudger underneath the motherboard at the top right next to the display connector. Slightly twist and lever the spudger to loosen the core assembly. It might help to also check the comments below this and the next step if you’re having difficulties.

Repair Step 9: Grab the core assembly and carefully slide it out from under the cables. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Place the edge of an opening tool under the speaker unit. Lever the opening tool down to separate the display from the frame.

Repair Step 11: Remove the frame from the display. Make sure to remove any remaining adhesive from the frame with isopropyl alcohol (>90%) before applying the adhesive or installing the new display.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 4: With the watch laying face-down, locate the four screws. They are located on the back of the watch, at the four corners.

Repair Step 5: Using a Torx-T5 screwdriver, remove each of the four 4mm screws and set them aside.

Repair Step 6: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the top edge of the watch’s back cover.

Repair Step 7: With the watch’s back cover pried loose, gently lift it away from the front half of the watch.

Repair Step 8: Lay both halves of the watch body assembly face down (with internal components facing up).

Repair Step 1: In this guide, the wrist band of the Polar V800 is removed for a clear view of the back panel. If you find it helpful, you may want to remove the wrist strap. Please reference the guide for removal instructions if you wish to do so. Ensure your Polar V800 sports watch is powered off before continuing. Remove the eight, 7.4 millimeter-long screws on the back of the watch with a T5 head-type, torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Gently separate the watch housing from the back panel. The watch should come apart easily after removing the screws. If you experience difficulties separating the housing and and back cover, use a spudger to gently pry apart the back panel and the button and screen protector housing.

Repair Step 3: The waterproofing seal is the red, elastic band that surrounds the display of the watch. Remove the waterproofing seal. During reassembly, align the red seal in the groove surrounding the glass screen on the main watch housing to ensure a watertight seal.

Repair Step 4: Though not necessary, following the first may make the motherboard easier to remove. Remove the nine, 4.0 millimeter-long screws with a T5 head-type torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Once all of the screws have been removed, lift the motherboard to expose the battery beneath motherboard. A red wire and a black wire should run between the motherboard and the battery.

Repair Step 6: The battery is glued down to the back of the watch. It may take some force to detach the battery at the glue joint. Use a spudger to pry the battery from the back of the watch. If your battery is swollen, be very careful in removing the battery. If the packaging is ruptured, the battery will be unsafe to handle with bare hands. The contents of the battery are hazardous.

Repair Step 7: Gently pull the wires from their solder joints to disconnect them from the body of the watch. If the wires do not come off easily, you may need to desolder the connections. Visit for more help on soldering. To reconnect the wires to their solder joints, they must be soldered on. See the guide linked above for more guidance.

Repair Step 8: To remove the battery, desolder the black and red wires connecting the battery to the motherboard and remove the battery. See this guide on for additional help.

Repair Step 1: To begin the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband, first remove the device from the rubber wristband.

Repair Step 2: Finish the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband by utilizing the metal spudger tool on the short edge to pry the external body pieces apart.

Repair Step 3: After the cover had been removed, use the metal spudger tool to remove the body of the device from the casing.

Repair Step 4: Use the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to pry the screen casing from the body of the device. The screen casing is fastened to the body of the device by four clips located in each corner of the casing.

Repair Step 5: Flip the body of the device over so that the screen is now on the bottom. The display ribbon cable is soldered to the motherboard. We were able to peel up the ribbon cable with a pair of tweezers. Successfully resoldering this ribbon cable to the motherboard may prove difficult to the very small traces.

Repair Step 6: Flip the body of the device back over so that the screen is facing up. Using the tweezers, gently lift the screen from body of the device.

Repair Step 7: Remove the four highlighted screws from the motherboard using the Philips screwdriver.

Repair Step 8: Use the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the motherboard out of the device.

Teardown Step 1: So many goodies in one package! The Fitbit Flex comes with the following: Two adjustable wristbands: one large, one small Wireless sync dongle Charging cable The Flex tracker sports some cool tech specs, too. Bluetooth 4.0 syncing Memory to store 30 days of data 5-day battery life

Teardown Step 2: With less effort than [guide|13470|peeling an orange|new_window=true], we peel the Fitbit Flex tracker out of the flexible wrist strap. Although it seems like a small consideration, we appreciate how easy it is to separate the electronics from the wrist strap—the component most likely to wear out.

Teardown Step 3: Normally we would compare the device to other similar devices. Unfortunately, we don't really have much to compare the Flex to. How about a half dollar? The Flex may be slightly larger than a half dollar (though smaller than half a dollar bill), but it will cost you 200 of them. If anyone pays for a Fitbit Flex with half dollars, we would love to hear about it. The back of the Flex reveals the model number, FB401, and provides a nice insertion arrow. It's not quite disassembly information, but it's something, right?

Teardown Step 4: The first things we notice on the Flex are the waterproof contacts. This is good news for those who might be sweating while wearing, or tearing down, the Flex. For the record, the Flex claims to be water-tight up to 10 meters, or 264 simultaneous Gatorade showers. This tiny gizmo fits snugly in its USB charger when its lithium-polymer battery needs juice. Not to worry, it won't take the place of your smartphone on the charger each night—this little gadget has a reported battery life of 5 days.

Teardown Step 5: With no visible point of entry, we figure the path to victory can be carved with judicious application of sharp tools. Around here, we're big fans of . We're also big fans of [product|IF145-165|dozukis|new_window=true]. When saw comes to gadget, you know it's a teardown. Remember that teardowns are for fun and should not be followed as disassembly instructions. Please do not cut into your device with a dozuki.

Teardown Step 6: Our first extraction: the light guides for the LEDs that pass for a display on this slim, dare we say emaciated, unit. Next out is the Bluetooth antenna, used for communicating with devices and the accompanying dongle. Oops! We appear to have a tiny hitchhiker; that's a piece of the motherboard hanging on to the antenna. To those of you following along at home: you don't need to chop up your PCB. P.S. Don't follow along at home.

Teardown Step 7: Pulling components out through the top of the Flex worked for a little while, but it's time to get to the good stuff. Using our handy [product|IF145-105|rotary tool|new_window=true], we cut through the plastic casing of the Flex tracker. Well hello there, Rico Suave! Peeling back the Flex's stylish plastic jacket reveals the components we've been looking for. '' Repairability update: This little guy is never, , going back together.''

Teardown Step 8: The main board slides right away from the contact pins. Now we can get to the juicy bits. Small and encased in a thin sheet of metal tape, the battery is soldered to the motherboard. By this point, a replaceable battery is the least of our worries. We're getting some from the prominent vibrator that functions as an alarm.

Teardown Step 10: Stuck right on to the front of the board we find a near field communications (NFC) antenna. The NFC tag enables a tap launch of the Flex tracker's associated mobile app with "select NFC-enabled Android devices." This little guy looks like a likely candidate for the NFC controller.

Teardown Step 11: The motherboard flexes to show us what it's repping: STMicroelectronics Ultra Low Power ARM Cortex M3 Microcontroller Nordic Semiconductor Bluetooth Low Energy Connectivity IC STMicroelectronics 3-Axis Accelerometer Charger IC: TI

Teardown Step 12: We just couldn't keep our scalpels to ourselves, so we ripped into the Flex's dongle as well. Plastic aside, we get to the goodies. We quickly free the dongle board from the metal casing of the USB plug.

Teardown Step 13: Enough loligagging, let's ''cut'' to the chase. This diminutive USB board houses all of the hardware needed to communicate with the Flex — and your computer: Texas Instruments 2.4 GHz Bluetooth Low Energy SoC On the contact side: Antenna USB connection contacts

Teardown Step 14: Fitbit Flex Repairability Score: '''2 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) Solid waterproofing, no moving parts, and lightweight construction make the Flex a very durable device, with the potential to last a long time. The wrist strap is similarly constructed and can be easily replaced. It's impossible to open the device without destroying it or at least compromising the waterproofing, making internal repairs infeasible. The Flex's inaccessible (and non-replaceable) battery limits the life of the device.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 3.5mm screws to detach the case using the T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Slide the spudger under the battery and lift to remove.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four Torx T2 screws (4.5 mm length).

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the four plastic covers sitting next to the watch band holders.

Repair Step 4: Insert an opening tool into the gap between the back cover and the watch case at the bottom edge of the back cover. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover of the Huawei Watch 2. Do not remove the back cover assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully fold the back cover assembly to the opposite side of the two watch crowns.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, turn off your watch and take it off the charger. Remove the watch band by pressing the band release button and sliding the band over the button while pulling it away from the watch. Repeat for the other watch band.

Repair Step 2: [link| an iOpener] and apply it to the screen for about two minutes to soften the adhesive securing the screen. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 3: The thin seam between the frame and screen requires a thin metal tool—take your time and work carefully to avoid scraping or gouging the watch body or glass. Insert an [link|] into the thin gap between the screen and frame, left of the digital crown.

Repair Step 4: When slicing the screen adhesive, insert the iFlex no deeper than 3 mm to prevent damaging internal components. Slide the iFlex around the entire perimeter of the watch to slice all of the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 5: Remove the iFlex and reinsert it under the screen, to the right of the speaker grille. Twist the iFlex to pry the screen up. Don't try to fully remove the screen just yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 6: Be careful not to strain the screen assembly cable when you open the display. Swing the screen open to an upright position. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 7: Throughout this repair, [product|IF145-491|keep track of each screw|new_window=true] and make sure it goes back exactly where it came from. Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the 2.1 mm-long screw securing the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 8: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with sharp tools—it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 9: Use the point of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the vibration motor‘s press connector. To re-attach [guide|25629|press connectors|stepid=70308|new_window=true] like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down in the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend and cause permanent damage.

Repair Step 10: Be careful with sharp tools around the battery. Use tweezers to peel up the yellow tape securing the vibration motor cable to the battery.

Repair Step 11: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two screws securing the vibration motor: One 1.8 mm-long screw One 2.8 mm-long screw

Repair Step 12: Use tweezers to lift the grounding bracket out of its recess and remove it.

Repair Step 13: Remove the vibration motor.

Repair Step 14: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two 3 mm-long screws securing the battery bracket.

Repair Step 15: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the grounding bracket out of its recess and remove it.

Repair Step 16: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with sharp tools—it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Use tweezers to peel up the yellow tape from the edge of the battery, next to the speaker.

Repair Step 17: Slide the flat end of a spudger under the edge of the battery where the vibration motor was. Pry up the battery until you can grip it with your fingers. The battery is held in place by mild adhesive. If you're struggling to pry up the battery, apply a [link| iOpener] to the bottom of the watch for about 2 minutes to loosen the adhesive. Don't apply the iOpener directly to the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 18: Avoid straining or tearing the battery cable when moving the battery. Carefully place the battery next to the watch to access the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 19: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two 1.5 mm-long screws securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 20: Use tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use the point of a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. Never reuse a deformed or damaged battery—it's a fire hazard. Replace it with a new battery.

Repair Step 23: ***Note:*** The screen assembly cable is threaded underneath the test port cable. Avoid straining or tearing the test port cable in the following steps. Use the point of a spudger to disconnect the screen assembly cable by carefully prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 24: The screen assembly cable is secured by light adhesive. Slide the flat end of a spudger underneath the screen assembly cable to loosen its adhesive and detach it from the watch frame.

Repair Step 25: Carefully pull the screen assembly cable out from underneath the test port cable. Remove the screen assembly. During reassembly, apply new adhesive where it's necessary after cleaning the relevant areas with high-concentration isopropyl alcohol (>90%). After installing the screen, apply strong, steady pressure for several hours to help the adhesive form a good bond—a stack of heavy books works well.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the Huawei Watch 3.

Repair Step 3: Locate the small notch at the top of the back cover. Use a Jimmy to pry open the back cover by twisting it. Using a sharp metal tool might cause cosmetic damage to the watch case. Covering the tool with a nitril glove can minimize the damage. Don’t remove the back cover just yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Insert the tip of an opening pick between the back cover and the case. Slide the opening pick around the back cover to loosen the gasket from the back cover.

Repair Step 5: There is a ribbon cable running from the back cover to the motherboard. Use an opening pick or your fingers to carefully lift the back cover open. Flip the back cover open away from the crown. You can prop up the back cover to minimize the stress on the ribbon cable.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the battery bracket.

Repair Step 7: User a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the top of the battery bracket free from its screw socket. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 8: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector. The battery connector is the smallest of the three connectors.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the sensor bracket.

Repair Step 10: User a pair of tweezers to move the top of the sensor bracket free from a small latch near the case by rotating in inwards. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 11: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor connector. Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 12: Use the tip of a spudger to disconnect the home button cable.

Repair Step 13: Insert the tip of an opening pick between the battery and the plastic frame opposite to the cables. Use the opening pick to lift the battery up. The battery is held down by mild adhesive.

Repair Step 14: Grab the battery with your fingers and remove it. For reassembly you may need to apply some adhesive to the new battery if it does not come equipped with it.

Repair Step 1: Pull the elastic band away from the device as shown. You will need to use one hand to support the device and pull the elastic band with the other at about a 45 degree angle.

Repair Step 2: Pull the elastic band away from the device, you should now have the device with no band as shown.

Repair Step 3: Place the elastic band into the channel in the side of the device shown in the picture. The band will pull into the channel and lock into place.

Repair Step 4: After pulling the band into place the guide is now complete. Your iHealth Edge should be ready for use.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the middle loudspeaker opening at the top edge of your watch.

Repair Step 4: The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use the spudger to pry up the back cover assembly of your Huawei watch GT 2. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully swing the back cover assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 6: Remove the two 2.3 mm-long Phillips #00 screws.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezer to remove the metal shield covering the multi-purpose flex connector.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the multi-purpose flex connector.

Repair Step 9: Separate the back cover assembly from the watch case.

Repair Step 1: Locate the front LCD screen on your device. Fitbit logo should appear in the bottom center of the screen.

Repair Step 2: Push the screen out through the back of the metal ring enclosure. Use a small amount of force on screen to prevent damage. Use other hand to catch screen.

Repair Step 3: Locate the metal pin behind the wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into the blue rectangle enclosure. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 4: Place device screen face down and locate the four screws attaching the back cover. Use a T3 torx head or T3 torx screwdriver to remove the four screws.

Repair Step 5: Grab the back, lift and open like a book to expose the motherboard. Locate the ribbon connector on the left. Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbon connected from the heart rate monitor to the motherboard. Insert and lift the plastic opening tool to release the ribbon. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 6: Separate the back and set aside, locate the three screws attaching the motherboard. Use a PH000 head or a PH000 screwdriver to remove the three screws.

Repair Step 7: Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbons connected to the motherboard. Insert the tool under the ribbon and lift to release the connection. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 8: Lift and push the motherboard to the side to uncover the 167mAh battery. Use a plastic spudger tool to pry out the battery from its adhesive plastic underneath. Lift up and pull downward to remove battery. Switch to the top portion of the battery and push downward to pry out battery.

Repair Step 9: Flip the motherboard backwards and locate the metal pins from the battery soldered to the board. Desolder the connection to remove the battery, desolder the battery connector itself if desired as well. Follow this guide on how to solder and desolder connectors Excessive heat will damage the components, so do not apply the soldering iron to the component for long amounts of time.

Repair Step 1: Insert wisdom here.

Repair Step 2: Insert wisdom here.

Repair Step 1: On the strap there is a knob. Sliding this knob towards the opposite side of the strap releases the tension on the spring bar, allowing you to pull the strap out..

Repair Step 2: Use the T5 Torx driver to remove the four screws on the case. Use the magnetic pad to keep all your parts easily contained! The case will pry easily off with just gentle hand pressure

Repair Step 3: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently remove the fabric protecting the battery connection. Take care when removing the fabric. Too much force may damage the contact with the metal tweezers. Use the heavy duty spudger to gently push the contact towards the top of the case.

Repair Step 4: Gently pry the battery up with the plastic pry tools

Repair Step 5: With the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] gently remove the fabric covering the connection on bottom right Using the heavy duty plastic spudger pry up on the connection ribbon. There are two connection ports on the single ribbon. Do not use too much force as you may tear ribbon!

Repair Step 6: The protective plate is now ready to be safely removed. With the [product|IF145-013|heavy duty spudger] pry up on the metal plate, in a counter-clockwise pattern There are tiny notches on plate making it simple to pull up on each side. A small strip of adhesive is on back of plate as well. Remove loosened plate and set aside.

Repair Step 7: With the 000 Philips screwdriver remove the screw and plastic retainer clips

Repair Step 8: With heavy duty spudger lift up on final connection ribbon located on left corner.

Repair Step 9: With all the connections disconnected the motherboard can be gently pried up and out of the watch case.

Repair Step 10: With a flat metal spudger pry back the little metal clamps that hold the motor secure. Do not bend these too far as they can easily break off!

Repair Step 11: With the soldering iron, heat the two solder tabs on back of motor. Use metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to pull up and remove motor. A soldering iron gets hot! Take care not to burn yourself or place it on any other part of the board.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew all four black 3 mm Phillips screws on the underside of the watch using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use an X-Acto knife to cut the band above, on either side, and in between the 2 screws. '''Note''': Part of the band is hard plastic. '''Caution''': Once the band is cut it cannot be reattached.

Repair Step 3: Scrape away the glue beneath the hard shell portion of the band to reveal the GPS.

Repair Step 4: Use a PH000 screw head to undo the newly revealed silver 4 mm Phillips screws that were hidden beneath the glue.

Repair Step 5: Using a metal spudger, push down on the plastic gray square clamps on the underside of the device to dislodge the whole silver backing. Note: the buttons will also come off.

Repair Step 6: Use a thin tool to pry the the device apart by lodging it between the clock face and back side of the device. '''Note''': A spudger may not be thin enough to fit in the seam of the device. We used the 6 inch metal ruler from the Pro Tech Toolkit.

Repair Step 7: Remove the protective cover underneath the clock face, by unscrewing the three 2 mm Phillips screws using a PH000 screwdriver. Lift the protective cover to remove it and reveal the device's screen.

Repair Step 8: Remove the LCD screen from the clock face.

Repair Step 1: Wear proper gloves when using a heatgun. Use a heatgun to melt the adhesive beneath the screen. Heat the metal around edges of the screen. Avoid heating the rubber watch band as it will quickly melt. Heating the LCD screen may damage it. Avoid this procedure unless you intend to replace the screen.

Repair Step 2: Use a and plastic to pry the screen away from the Band 2.

Repair Step 3: Use metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently detach the orange press-fit (or "pop") connector.

Repair Step 4: Use the T3 Torx Screwdriver to remove the two 2.7 mm screws

Repair Step 5: Lift the logic board and locate the two circular clips securing the buttons from inside the wall of the Band 2. Remove them by sliding the clips sideways.

Repair Step 6: Remove the buttons, being careful not to lose the springs.

Repair Step 1: Lightly heat device with hair dryer for 15 seconds to soften adhesive.

Repair Step 2: After heating adhesive, firmly pry apart the two halves.

Repair Step 3: Remove polymer cover that is protecting the mother board, it should just come out when two halves are separated.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of nylon spudgers to assist the removal of the motherboard. Pry up on two tabs and the mother board will pop out.

Repair Step 5: This shows the mother board out and exposed.

Repair Step 6: You must remove the solder from two wires from the motherboard that are connected to the battery.

Repair Step 1: Using your fingers, press down on the rubber circles to unbuckle the strap from itself. Once you have removed two of the rubber circles from from a side you will be able to unbuckle the strap on that side.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over to view the back panel and sensor. Arrange the watch so that the band clasp is away from you. Keep the watch in this position to help you follow the rest of the guide.

Repair Step 2: Release the spring latches on the underside of each band to remove the bands from the frame.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display assembly, the microphone and pressure sensor array, and side button.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw holding the motherboard in place.

Repair Step 9: Use an opening pick to loosen the motherboard from the core assembly. The plastic tab holding the motherboard in place is fragile, so don't lift the motherboard up until it has cleared the tab.

Repair Step 10: Slide the motherboard out from under the plastic tab to remove it.

Repair Step 1: Set the watch face down on a flat surface. Place the heated [guide|11677|iOpener] on the face of the rear cover to loosen the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 3: Gently slide the blue opening pick between the rear cover and the metal casing. The rear cover is extremely fragile. Be very delicate when using the opening pick. Work your way entirely around the rear cover. It may take several attempts of reheating the adhesive to get the rear cover loose enough to pull off.

Repair Step 4: Once the adhesive has been successfully loosened, gently pull the rear cover off.

Repair Step 5: To get to the O-Ring, use the Jimmy to gently pry off the rear housing.

Repair Step 6: Pinch the green rubber O-Ring and slide it off of the watch. The O-Ring is delicate and is easily severed. Use care around sharp objects.

Teardown Step 1: While the Mi Watch bears a certain superficial *''ahem''* similarity to a familiar Apple product, we suspect the parallels end there. How fruity are these specs? Aluminum case with a 1.78" Super AMOLED screen Snapdragon Wear 3100 platform 1 GB RAM and 8 GB storage Speaker and microphone for calls (via e-SIM) Steps counter, sleep tracker, optical heart rate sensor, WiFi, GPS, NFC, and Bluetooth 5.0 You also get MIUI for Watch, a skinned version of Wear OS that can be paired with the Google app in English without problems. (But since there's no international version of the watch, you’d have to get by with Chinese characters on the watch itself.)

Teardown Step 2: Let's compare a little more closely—we wouldn't want to tear down a by mistake. That's the Mi Watch on the left, Apple Watch Series 5 on the right. It’s the slight differences that give away the Mi Watch: A boxier, edgier case, screen, and "digital crown" A wider black bezel around the display, and a taller profile to match Charging contacts on the rear, and flappy protruding mounts for the detachable band.

Teardown Step 3: The only external screws fix the band mounts to the case—and removing those reveals the model number, '''XMWT01'''. We're pretty sure the rest says "Made in China" by "Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd." Sounds all too plausible if you ask us. After applying much heat, and swiping unsuccessfully with the curved razor blade we normally use for Apple Watch incursions, we switch to the thin and sturdy —along with some off-label use of the . Although we succeed at getting it open, the watch doesn’t go unscathed through this procedure. This screen is no fun to separate, and the case carries the scars to prove it.

Teardown Step 4: The screen won't detach quite yet, but its flex cable is lengthy enough that we can maneuver our into position to loosen a bracket and unplug the display. This is a 1.76" Super AMOLED display with 368 x 448 resolution, and a small circular cutout in the bottom right for the light sensor to peek through. On the back of the screen, we find a TMA525C 34FNI (PMI 1907 D 21 8/1856) multi-touch capacitive touchscreen controller from Cypress. For comparison, here's an Apple Watch Series 5 LTPO OLED (to the right), measuring 1.78" with the same resolution.

Teardown Step 5: Next out is the motherboard, with the battery piggybacking along for the ride. The Mi Watch power cell (left) packs in 2.167 Wh (560 mAh @ 3.87 V), which in terms of sheer capacity leaves the (right) far behind. The Snapdragon 3100, its co-processor, and power management sub-system also for longer battery run time.

Teardown Step 6: On the motherboard we discover some interesting silicon: Kingston 8GB LPDDR3 with Qualcomm MSM8909W —also known as Snapdragon Wear 3100 with 32-bit, quad-core ARM Cortex A7 CPU and Adreno 304 GPU Qualcomm QCC1110 co-processor Qualcomm PMW3100 power management sub-system Vanchip [link|] Cellular Front-End Module Goodix Class D audio amplifier Qualcomm WCN3620 wireless connectivity chip NXP Semiconductor [link|] NFC Controller w/ Secure Element

Teardown Step 7: IC identification side 1, continued: Qualcomm [link|] RF Tranceiver Maxscend MXD86A0S SP10T Antenna Switch Texas Instruments [link|] 1-MHz, Rail-to-Rail I/O Operational Amplifier ON Semiconductor [link|] 2.5 A Buck-Boost Regulator

Teardown Step 8: The rear side of the motherboard isn’t as busy, but the two chips we find here have proved harder to identify: STMicroelectronics [link|] Secure Microcontroller STMicroelectronics [link|] 3 DoF Accelerometer/Gyroscope

Teardown Step 9: The midframe carries the speaker with its red rubber gasket, buttons for the crown and home button, as well as a small linear resonant actuator. Again, compared with the , this LRA is only a fraction of the size. What does that mean in terms of —what’d be their score on a Richter scale? Turning the digital crown on the Mi Watch does prompt small, haptic steps—so Xiaomi certainly seems to be trying to make the most of this relatively small actuator. But more than anything else, this comparison shows how much importance Apple places on that —trading a lot of battery life for more communicative haptic feedback.

Teardown Step 10: At the very bottom of the watch barrel, our helps safely extract the final circuit board, equipped with: The heart rate sensor and LEDs Four data and charging contacts Two microphones And an optical encoder for reading the crown’s rotation.

Teardown Step 11: Our excursion into the first smartwatch directly from Xiaomi is now complete. Let’s see how this wrist companion performs in our repairability rating.

Teardown Step 12: The Xiaomi Mi Watch earns a '''5 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): The bands are easy to remove and replace. Battery replacement is fairly straightforward once you're inside, but the motherboard must be removed for access. Most components are modular and can be replaced separately, except for the circuit board at the bottom—which is secured with plastic rivets. Opening the watch by removing the screen is possible, but difficult—and will most likely result in cosmetic damage.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch upside down on a hard surface so that its back case is facing upright. Use a T4 Torx Star screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm Torx screws from the corners of the back case.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to pry open the back case from both sides of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 4: With a plastic opening tool, disconnect the four connectors on the top of the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove three 3.0 mm Phillips screws on the edges of the motherboard with a Phillips #000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 6: Grasp the edges of the motherboard and slide it slightly towards the right to remove it from its case.

Repair Step 1: Begin by flipping the watch over with its back facing upwards.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to unscrew the four 6.0 mm screws located in each corner of the watch to remove the backplate.

Repair Step 3: Gently lift the backplate up to remove it.

Repair Step 4: After removing the backplate, lift the master switch up from the circuit board.

Repair Step 5: Using a Phillips #00 screwdriver, remove the 0.6 mm screw.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the speaker from the case without disconnecting it from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully lift the bar holding the connection to the screen. Remove the motherboard from the device.

Repair Step 8: Carefully pry the battery off of the circuit board using the plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 9: De-solder the wires connecting the battery to the circuit board. Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Detach the smart watch from the band by pushing on the back of the watch housing. The power button may fall out once the smart watch is detached. Set aside the power button and watch band as they are no longer needed for further disassembly.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to carefully pry the LCD screen from the watch housing.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool or spudger to lift the screen assembly press-fit connector free.

Repair Step 4: Set aside the detached LCD screen to access the battery.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wrist strap by peeling back the rubber starting from one corner of the watch face. Continue peeling the rubber away from the watch face until the strap is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Starting from an edge, wedge a metal spudger in between the screen and the chrome trim ring and pry, lifting the screen outwards. Some force is needed due to adhesive seal.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the plastic motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 4: Locate the ribbon assembly attaching the display to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to detach the glass screen/ LED Display ribbon connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Now the watch should be in three separate pieces.

Repair Step 7: Locate the microphone on the lower right corner of the plastic motherboard assembly .

Repair Step 8: Use the plastic opening tool to lift up the microphone ribbon connector.

Repair Step 9: Use the spudger to lift up the white microphone circuit board.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive securing it.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and ***stop at the top of the side button***. Don't slide your pick past the side button—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 13: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 14: Heating the battery will soften the strong adhesive securing it, making the battery easier to remove. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the battery for two minutes to soften the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the battery.

Repair Step 15: Be careful not to puncture or bend the battery—it can leak dangerous chemicals and catch fire. Insert an opening pick between the bottom edge of the battery and frame. Pry up the battery with the opening pick until it starts to separate from the frame. This requires time and constant pressure. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. Slide the pick farther under the battery and lift until all the adhesive is separated.

Repair Step 16: Be careful not to strain or tear the battery cable during the rest of your repair. Gently lift the battery out of its recess and set it next to your watch so you can access the battery cable.

Repair Step 17: Use a tri‑point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm‑long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 19: Insert the point of a spudger under the short end of the battery connector (opposite the cable) and pry it up.

Repair Step 20: Remove the battery. To install a new battery: Use a spudger and tweezers to remove all the old adhesive from the battery recess. If your replacement battery doesn't have adhesive pre-installed, put strips of [product|IF317-072-6|thin, double-sided tape|new_window=true] on the logic board (***not*** directly on the battery) where the old adhesive was. Do ***not*** remove any liners yet. Reconnect the battery cable [guide|25629|press connector|stepid=70308|new_window=true] to its socket on the motherboard. Put the battery connector bracket into place and install its screw. Make sure the metal arm goes over the battery press connector. Remove any liners from the battery adhesive or double-sided tape. Firmly press the battery into place to secure it with the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Assemble all your tools

Repair Step 2: Turn watch faced down to reveal the screws. Remove the straps by pulling on pin switches to release.

Repair Step 3: remove the 4 screws

Repair Step 4: Use the tin metal pry tool to gently penetrate the back.

Repair Step 5: Use the metal pry tool as support for the opening blue pick

Repair Step 6: Gently Lift the back to reveal a connector, use a tweezer to remove it then you will have access to the back

Repair Step 7: Separate back fully from rest of the body

Repair Step 8: use tweezer to remove all 3 connectors and remove the screw

Repair Step 9: Use Spudger to lift panel housing from body

Repair Step 10: Remove housing from watch body

Repair Step 11: Lift off motherboard and use tweezer to lift up bettery connector from the plastic housing

Repair Step 12: use spudger to lift battey out of plastic housing

Repair Step 13: Separate battery from the plastic body, then install replacement battery

Teardown Step 1: has it that this is the first smartwatch to closely resemble a traditional watch, rather than a wearable smartphone. Let's see what else this timepiece has to offer: 1.3-inch 320 x 320 (~245 ppi) P-OLED display 410 mAh battery Snapdragon 400 processor with 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Cortex A7 512 MB RAM and 4 GB storage 9-axis combination (Gyro + Accelerometer + Compass) Bluetooth 4.1 Low Energy

Teardown Step 2: Barring the dark watch face, this device could certainly be mistaken for a mechanical watch, until you flip it over... The rear of the watch features a heart rate sensor, charging dock contacts, and the model number (LG-W150). While the Urbane eliminated a handful of face options included in the LG G Watch, this timepiece introduces plenty of to choose from. The Urbane's 245 ppi display looks a lot better in person than under our camera—there seems to be a that makes the pixels stand out. However, it's still not quite as sharp at super-close distances as the Apple Watch, with its 290 ppi (for the 38 mm, 302 for the 42 mm) screen.

Teardown Step 3: The 22 mm standard leather watch band can be swapped out for of various colors and materials. Our handy pointy are once again invaluable spring bar removers. Removing the band exposes a couple of ports, likely for the microphone—''or microphones?''

Teardown Step 4: The last time we tore down an , we were pleased to find screws securing an o-ring sealed rear door. Today we're heating our iOpener and feeling a little sad. However, thanks to a handy pry notch, things aren't ''too'' bad. But you will need to replace the adhesive before re-sealing the watch, to maintain that IP67 water resistant rating. is a water and dust resistance rating that guarantees the device to be dust-tight, and able to survive submersion in 1 meter of water for 30 minutes.

Teardown Step 5: Apart from the glue, the rear case comes away nice and clean—no cables, no booby traps. We like it. Power from the charger feeds through the rear case onto a tidy row of spring contacts beside the motherboard. Speaking of the motherboard, it's time to start digging out the Urbane's silicon. Starting with the battery, we flick away a few cable connectors and twist out the tiny watch-sized screws. Happily, these are totally ordinary (albeit tiny) Phillips screws—none of that you find in so many flashy smartwatches these days.

Teardown Step 6: We peel the motherboard out of the chassis to get a better look at this wearable's hardware: SK Hynix 512 MB mobile DDR2. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 SoC is hidden beneath this DRAM device. Qualcomm PM8226 power management IC Broadcom integrated communications module Texas Instruments [link|] battery fuel gauge Single microphone (Knowles) —we're not sure why there were two ports; maybe just symmetry? Vibrator motor—soldered in place on the motherboard

Teardown Step 7: And on the flipside: Synaptics touch controller Invensense MPU-6515 6-axis accelerometer and gyro Asahi Kasei 3-axis compass IC Qualcomm WCD9302 audio codec PixArt PAH8001 heart rate sensor Alps HSPPAD038 pressure sensor Imagis ISA1000 haptic driver

Teardown Step 8: With a quick twist of our opening pick, we remove the battery faster than a mariachi player running through his scales. The Urbane rocks a 410 mAh battery—just like its primo, the LG G Watch R. The and pack 300 mAh batteries, while the gets by on a mere 205 mAh cell.

Teardown Step 9: Two screws and some mild adhesive are all that stand between us and picking out the plastic midframe. As devices shrink, manufacturers are turning to adhesive instead of screws or clips. On the whole, this has been bad news for repairs—but in this case, LG seems to have found the secret recipe that balances construction strength with pry-ability. Picking out the watch's midframe reveals a single cable responsible for the crown button and charging cradle ports, and a pair of spring contacts that connect the motherboard to the watch body, perhaps to use the body as an antenna.

Teardown Step 10: Our iOpener to help dispatch the P-OLED display. This incredibly thin display appears to be made up of several layers, that need to be peeled up off the back of the glass in order to remove the glass. As we peel up the display a strange, membrane sticks to the back of the digitizer. This membrane is definitely serving as an adhesive between the display and the digitizer, but may also serve some higher purpose as a .

Teardown Step 11: Peeling up the display Now that it's free of the case, we can get a closer look at the Urbane's 245ppi P-OLED screen. If you think this display looks familiar, we're right with you. LG says they built the Urbane around the display used in the LG G Watch R. Right below the screen, we find an LG Innotek LGS32057-05-0547 POLED display driver.

Teardown Step 12: The next layer off the screen sandwich is the digitizer. Also held in with sticky adhesive on both sides, it bears the LG Display co., Ltd marking. LG produces their own displays for their gadgets—something is able to do.

Teardown Step 13: We put our curved blade to work, and pop out the display glass. The glass floats away intact, in all its perfect circularness, and the last layer of the display—which looks like a polarizing film—peels off, leaving behind some gooey optically clear adhesive (OCA) residue. Unfortunately, it seems like the procedure we just endured is the only way to replace a cracked screen—the display and digitizer are adhered to the back of the glass ''after'' it is installed in the watch body. That means to replace a cracked glass you'll have to remove all of the pieces of the display, install a new glass front, and then adhere a new OLED display to the back of the glass with OCA.

Teardown Step 14: LG Watch Urbane Repairability Score: '''7''' out of 10 (10 is easiest to repair) Once you're inside, the motherboard is very easy to remove—three Phillips screws and a few connectors. With the motherboard out, the battery is very easy to replace; only mild adhesive holds it in. Features a standard 22 mm band secured with spring bars—replacement and style swaps are easy. Glued back requires heat and prying to open, and replacement adhesive to properly re-seal. Because the display is adhered to the back of the front glass, which is removed from the front, screen replacement is very difficult and will require re-adhering the display layers.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 4: Use a heatgun to loosen the adhesive beneath the screen, it should take a 5-10 minutes for adhesive to loosen. Handle the watch with care to avoid burning yourself after it has been heated. Review the [guide|151116|How to Use a Heat Gun to Soften Adhesive|new_window=true] guide.

Repair Step 5: Wedge a thin opening tool or your iFixit Jimmy in between the seam where the screen and the watch’s housing connect. Pry the screen off the device. There is a cable underneath the screen that needs to be disconnected - be careful not to rip it. Work quickly so the adhesive doesn’t cool too much.

Repair Step 6: Carefully disconnect both cables from the motherboard by placing the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 8: Carefully peel off the ribbon tape that is holding down the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Place the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and pry the connector straight up from its socket to disconnect the battery from the motherboard. Do this carefully to avoid ripping the cable.

Repair Step 10: Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 3.2 mm screw on the motherboard. Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 4.8 mm screw on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Pull the battery cable up to dislodge the motherboard. Gently remove the motherboard from the socket. The motherboard may get caught under the housing due to the clips on the edge.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Use the T5 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four silver 2mm x 3mm T5 screws that hold the back cover in place.

Repair Step 4: Slide the opening pick between the rear case and the rest of the device to separate the two halves. Gently pull the two halves apart.

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the gasket that lies embedded in a groove that runs around the perimeter of the front half.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger to gently lift up and disconnect the display connector. Now use the spudger to disconnect the digitizer connector.

Repair Step 7: Use a Phillips #000 screwdriver to remove the two black PHO 2.5mm x 3mm screws. Use the spudger to gently remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Use a plastic opening tool to scrape adhesive off the back of the screen.

Repair Step 2: You may be able to peel up the adhesive with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Once you have all of the pieces of adhesive removed, you may want to use an alcohol soaked q-tip to clean any residue off the back of the screen.

Repair Step 3: Use tweezers to peel the outer ring off of one of the adhesive strip pads. Be sure to get both the double-sided adhesive and the brown backing paper. If you're having trouble navigating the double-sided adhesive, check out [link| video]. Be very careful not to fold, bend, or stretch the adhesive tape, as this will make it too thick to seal the screen without a ridge between the screen and the case.

Repair Step 4: Lay the backed adhesive tape down on the Force Touch sensor, around the edge of the case where the screen rests. Start in a corner with the tape as close to the corner wall as possible. Press on the brown backing paper with a plastic opening tool to secure the adhesive around the entire perimeter.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to reconnect the display data and digitizer cable connectors. Be careful not to touch any of the contacts directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity.

Repair Step 6: To reinstall the metal bracket, line up the single tab with the slot in the top of the lower half, and slide the bracket down. Snap the upper bracket in place.

Repair Step 7: Line the battery connector up with its mate on the cable inside the watch body. Use tweezers to press the two connectors together.

Repair Step 8: If your replacement battery came with pre-installed adhesive, peel off the protective tab now, exposing the adhesive. Rotate the battery down into its slot, and press it into position. Press the battery down against the S1 to re-adhere it in place. Now is the best time to test powering on your watch—if it doesn't turn on, double check all three connectors and try again.

Repair Step 9: Use tweezers to peel off the adhesive backing strip. Peel the backing strip up halfway, then snip it with scissors so you can peel the rest off without it snagging on the display.

Repair Step 10: Move the screen back to the right, folding the display data and digitizer cables neatly. Center the screen over the case and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use [link| vice clamps] around the perimeter of your device to set the new adhesive.

Teardown Step 1: What did Samsung fit inside the Gear Fit? 1.84” Curved Super AMOLED touchscreen display (432 x 128 pixels) 180 MHz ARM Cortex M4 CPU Accelerometer, gyroscope, and heart rate sensor Battery good for 3-4 days of normal use Bluetooth 4.0 LE It's a tidy little package, but you know how this works: it's all gotta come out.

Teardown Step 3: Wrist strap dispatched, it's time for a close-up inspection of the ~~dark side~~ wrist-side of the Fit. Riding along against your arm, you'll find the heart rate monitor and charging cradle contacts. Let's hope that Samsung didn't include a remote taser feature. They ''did'' include a model number: SM-R350, if our eyes do not deceive us. A single button serves as a sleep/wake and power switch, and is the only significant opening in the unibody enclosure.

Teardown Step 4: On the hunt for screws, we take a peek under a promising cover... ...Only to find a hole. Perhaps for a microphone? Whatever it is, it's no help in the opening procedure mystery. Looks like we're gonna need a little help.

Teardown Step 5: And help we shall receive—after we tell you about our exciting product, the [product|IF145-198|iOpener]. The [product|IF145-198|iOpener] makes repairs safer for you and your devices by gently heating and softening stubborn adhesives, without the danger of melting plastic or warping LCDs that you risk when using a heat gun. Let's go ahead and throw an [product|IF145-198|iOpener] on our device, and—oh, what's that? We already did? Why hello there, little Fit. Looking pretty cozy there. Sure would be a shame if somebody... PRIED OFF YOUR FACE. Thanks, [product|IF145-198|iOpener].

Teardown Step 6: Adhesive softened, a little gentle prying and slicing is all it takes to separate the curved display from the body, hinging on its data and digitizer cables. This thing is . Let's hope this is a safe place for some prying... It is! With a wee pop, the cute sushi-shaped innards are free. We personally think it looks like some tasty (we ''are'' a California company after all).

Teardown Step 7: The display is out, and all that's left is an empty case. Teardown complete! Our hats are off to Samsung, creators of the world's first apparently air-powered smartwatch. Hang on, there seem to be a few bits stuck to the back of the AMOLED unit. Hats back on for the moment. We get back to work, plastic opening tool in hand, to free the LCD from its burdens.

Teardown Step 8: With some careful coaxing, we pick our sushi apart and peel the display assembly off the frame. We liked the Gear 2's [guide|23990|combined digitizer and LCD data cable|stepid=61472], but it really isn't ''that'' much more effort to disconnect two things to remove the display. At least these guys never got in the way of our industrious opening tools, [guide|24016|unlike others we could name|stepid=61518]. At 432 x 128 pixels, the Fit sports just over half the pixel count of the Gear 2's 320 x 320 display. Pity it costs

Teardown Step 9: A close look at the motherboard shows a segmented, three-piece construction, with ribbon cables joining the parts—certainly an interesting approach, in contrast to the of the upcoming wearable iDevice. Our first stop: disconnect the battery. Next step: figure how to get it out. That's gonna take some digging... Peeling the Bluetooth antenna up from the side allows us to pop the first segment free of the plastic frame.

Teardown Step 10: This is starting to feel More peeling as the ribbon cable and contact for the Fit's sole button are spudgered away. Aww, you're a cute little itty bitty motherboard, aren't you? Yes you are! It could be a , but is that a battery under there? We'll have to wait to see.

Teardown Step 11: Populating the board, we find this fittingly Lilliputian array of chips: STMicroelectronics 180 MHz, 32 bit ARM Cortex CPU Macronix 128 Mb flash memory InvenSense 6-axis gyroscope / accelerometer Broadcom dual-band 802.11n, Bluetooth 4.0+HS, FM receiver combo chip Maxim Integrated MAX77836 (the same chip we found in the [guide|23990|Gear 2|stepid=61473]—likely the micro-USB interface controller and Li+ battery charger) Melfas 8FM006A (likely touchscreen controller) Texas Instruments standalone USB transceiver chip

Teardown Step 12: A small metal strut separates the motherboard from the battery, and protects the unit from over-enthusiastic squeezing, to ensure your Fit is fit for active duty. The curvy Fit features a curved battery, snugly fitted as Although it is pretty deeply buried, the battery is still equipped with a friendly and useful pull tab. We'll call this "fairly" user-replaceable. While we couldn't find any useful markings to confirm, tells us this is a 210 mAh battery, with 3-4 days between charges. That puts the Gear Fit ahead of the Gear 2 in the battery department, due mostly to a simpler OS and its low-power processor.

Teardown Step 13: Samsung Gear Fit Repairability Score: '''6 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair). While it's a bit of work, users can replace their own battery, greatly extending the useful life of the Fit. Watch band can be removed and replaced in seconds. The display is the first component out, easing repair of the most-likely-broken component, but still requires melting adhesive and prying. Low modularity—peripheral components (home switch, antenna, and vibrator motor) are soldered onto the main board and not individually replaceable without soldering. The unibody design means any repairs require trucking through the display removal procedure first, risking damage to the LCD.

Repair Step 1: To release a latch, press down on the flat metal button holding the band to the Fitbit Alta. Pull up on the latch to release the band from the body.

Repair Step 2: Slide the band up to release it from the Fitbit Alta tracker. Then, repeat on the other side to remove the band.

Repair Step 3: Turn over the Fitbit Alta so the bands are facing upward. Press the latches inward and remove each band by lifting upward.

Repair Step 1: You will need: CR 2032 Battery Philips #0 screwdriver Something to pop the battery out, like a thin spudger, or a #2 slot screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Remove these four screws. They're all the same size.

Repair Step 3: Lift off the case back. Underneath, you'll see a sheet of plastic film. It should be possible to remove the battery without removing the film, if you're careful, but I didn't want to risk bending or tearing the plastic. If you do take the plastic off, beware of maneuvering it over the three springs in the upper left, and the small prong that sticks out over the battery. You'll need to be sure to arrange the plastic carefully over these obstructions when re-assembling.

Repair Step 4: Insert spudger or flat screwdriver in the notch indicated by the arrow, and lever out the battery. The new battery should insert the same way the old one came out, and snap into place.

Repair Step 1: Push in the clip and slide off the strap from each side.

Repair Step 2: Use a spudger to remove the front cover.

Repair Step 3: Use a spudger to lift the display.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the cable that connects the heart rate monitor to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a hex 0.7 screwdriver to remove the screws from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to lift the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to lift the battery. When the battery is lifted, the connected components (display, motherboard, battery) will come out.

Repair Step 1: Begin by laying the watch on a flat, smooth surface. This will prevent the watch screen from suffering damage. Obtain a Flex Extension with a Size 1.0 mm flat-head. In the case of not having said tool, for this model of watch one can use the hands to replace the strap.

Repair Step 2: Locate the two springs on the back of your watch. The watch comes with two of these springs on each side of the back-face. These are used to release the straps from the body of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use the Flex Extension to push the spring to the right. This will release the strap from the watch head.

Repair Step 4: Carefully pull the strap away from the watch.

Repair Step 5: Repeat step 3, this time using the other strap.

Repair Step 1: You can find replacement screens on eBay and amazon. I paid $40 plus tax. If you want to skip all these instructions, Garmin offered to replace mine for $160...I kindly declined.

Repair Step 2: I used a hairdryer on max heat. Went around all the edges of the screen for about 2 minutes. I was careful to avoid the bands since they are rubber.

Repair Step 3: Take your time here. I would wiggle and pry slowly until I caught a ledge. Then slowly pulled up while working the razor around.

Repair Step 4: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] here and be careful to not poke any other components.

Repair Step 5: The picture shows the glue after it hardened and I had already taken it out. If it feels really stuck, apply a but more heat. Once you get a good portion out you can use that as a handle and slowly lift the rest out.

Repair Step 6: Depending on if your replacement came with this black piece (mine did not), you may want to use this on your new screen. I used tweezers to gently peel it off and stick on the new screen. Just make sure you see exactly where it is placed before removing because the ribbon cable connectors need to align properly.

Repair Step 7: This was the longest step for me. The NFC connector (black) is really small and hard to get on the dock. Use good lighting and patience and a plastic tool. Some guides say to apply glue first but it took me a while to get this part on. Im glad I waited till after to apply glue

Repair Step 8: Picture here shows cable disconnected but connect it first. While holding the screen in one hand, apply B7000 glue all around the ledge. Wear gloves to prevent it from getting on your hands. Apply more glue than you think you need. Then firmly press the screen down in place. Remove excess glue from the outside with an alcohol wipe.

Repair Step 1: Hold the the metal screwdriver, with a T5 Torx bit, in your dominant hand. Hold the rubber screwdriver, with a Hex T6 Torx bit, in your other hand. While holding the rubber screwdriver in place, simultaneously unscrew the pin (counterclockwise) with the metal screwdriver in your dominant hand.

Repair Step 2: Once the 1mm screw is removed, reinsert the metal screwdriver in that same hole. Gently push the strap's pin out. It will begin to protrude from the other end. Use your fingers to grab the exposed pin and slide it free. The strap should now be disconnected from the device.

Repair Step 3: Place a heated iOpener over the display to loosen the adhesive. After about a minute, the iOpener may be removed. For more in depth instructions on using the iOpener, refer to the .

Repair Step 4: Place the blue plastic opening tool in-between the screen and plastic casing of the watch and slowly pry up one side of the screen.

Repair Step 5: Once the first side has come free, wedge the blue pick in between the screen and watch unit on that side. Complete one pass around the perimeter of the screen to break the adhesive bond on all four sides. Insert it a minimal distance to avoid damaging internal components.

Repair Step 6: Use the blue plastic opening tool to pry up the side of the glass. Raise it to a point where your fingernail can fit in the gap. Do the same on the opposite side of the device until you have a good grip of the screen.

Repair Step 7: Obtain a careful grip of the screen from two of its sides. Slowly lift the screen off of the case. Separate it just enough so as not to damage the connection to the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Detach the orange tab that connects the screen to the motherboard with a gentle uplift using a plastic opening tool. Upon completing this step, the screen should be free from the rest of the device.

Repair Step 9: Follow previous guides until you've exposed the battery as shown. Begin by removing the battery connector tab. Be sure not to use a metal implement or your fingers to remove this tab. Doing so may cause personal harm or damage to the electrical components.

Repair Step 10: Use a plastic opening pick to gently pry out the battery as shown. The battery is Lithium Polymer, follow safe handling procedures and DO NOT deform it upon removal.

Repair Step 11: With the battery loose from the case, rotate it to expose the attached tab Gently pry up the attached tab with a fingernail. Keep the vibrator, circled in red, as you may need to solder it to the new battery upon re-installation later.

Repair Step 12: Remove the four 2.4 mm screws with a PH00 Phillips head screwdriver. Make an effort not to damage any nearby components of the motherboard with the screwdriver.

Repair Step 13: Use the spudger to pry up the board from the case. Insert the spudger a minimum distance beneath the board as there are components below. Wiggle the exposed side of the board from each end until it comes free. Use proper safety when removing and handling the board.

Repair Step 14: Remove the GPS antenna by sliding it away from the board. Keep track of the antenna and add it to the new board upon replacement.

Repair Step 15: Orient the crescent shaped retaining clip so the open section faces the bottom of the device. Remove the retaining clip by pulling up away from the device with the precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Be careful, the tweezers are quite sharp!

Repair Step 16: After the retaining clip is removed, the spring and button will pop out. With these very small components free from your device, take care not to lose them. The spring is slightly compressed, so the button may pop out once the clip is removed.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 2: Use the spudger to carefully pull apart the screen cover from the case. Replace the spudger with a plastic opening tool to hold the cover open.

Repair Step 3: Use the spudger tool to carefully loosen the rest of the cover.

Repair Step 4: Carefully, pull apart the cover with the plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 5: Insert spudger into the side of the screen shown in the picture.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger to pry the screen up.

Repair Step 7: Once screen is lifted, insert plastic opening tool between the screen connector and circuit board. Disconnect the screen from the circuit board.

Repair Step 8: Keep the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 9: Locate the three screws on the circuit board. Remove using the Phillips #000 Screwdriver.

Repair Step 10: Carefully disconnect the connector wire on the bottom left edge of the circuit board using a plastic opener tool. Move apart the connector to expose the fourth screw.

Repair Step 11: Remove the final screw from the circuit board with a Phillips #000 Screwdriver.

Repair Step 12: Turn the watch to the side and use the plastic opening tool to lift up the circuit board. Remove the circuit board from the case.

Repair Step 13: After removing the circuit board, the battery is located in the middle of the case.

Repair Step 14: Locate the battery connector on the left side of the case. Carefully disconnect the wire using a spudger.

Repair Step 15: After disconnecting the battery use the plastic opening tool to lift the battery off of the case. The battery might be glued to the case.

Repair Step 16: Insert the new battery into the same position from which the old battery was removed. Ensure the battery is firmly seated in the cavity.

Repair Step 17: Reconnect the battery connector to the main board using the spudger or your fingers.

Repair Step 18: Carefully place the circuit board back into the watch case, aligning it with the screw holes and Reinsert all four screws to secure the circuit board

Repair Step 19: Reconnect the screen connector to the circuit board. Ensure it is properly seated before continuing.

Repair Step 20: Power on your Pebble Time to verify that the new battery is working and the watch functions properly. If the watch does not power on, connect it to the charger for a few minutes before trying again.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding it to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the crown button flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch. During reassembly, make sure none of the flex cables become trapped underneath the motherbaord.

Repair Step 1: Squeeze retaining pins together to release chain from watch body. This can be done by hand or with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Remove chain from opposing side of watch body.

Repair Step 2: Use tweezers to grip the notches on the back cover, then unscrew the back cover (counter-clockwise) from the watch housing. There is an actual tool made to remove this back cover, using the right tool may save you from scratching the back of watch with tweezers. The backcover tool can be purchased online, a local jeweler may also be willing to remove it for you.

Repair Step 3: Utilize tweezers or a spudger or your fingers to pull the black wire connector from the motherboard. Utilize a spudger to pull the orange connector off of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Utilize tweezers to pull the white battery connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The internal electronics can now be pulled out of the watch as one unit leaving the screen remaining in the watch housing. Taking the flat end of the spudger, pry it up.

Repair Step 6: The battery is secured to the back of the motherboard utilizing a sticky pad. Gently separate the battery from the board while making sure not to put too much stress on the board. This is best done at the location shown.

Repair Step 7: Remove battery from plastic housing. Slip wires through large slot in plastic housing to completely remove.

Repair Step 1: Carefully remove the display of the watch by thoroughly heating the display and gently prying with the help of a suction cup.

Repair Step 2: Remove the screws which secure the main board in place.

Repair Step 3: If the connector for the battery breaks, you can solder the connections directly to the motherboard. If the connector is still intact, you can simply clip the new one into place.

Repair Step 4: If the LCD is broken, you can replace it by removing the two flat cables which connect it to the main board. The touch screen cable has a lock with a small white lever which should be lifted gently to remove the cable.

Repair Step 5: You can now glue the display back in place using B-7000 adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: Use a P5 Pentalobe driver to remove the four 2.2 mm‑long screws securing the sensor assembly.

Repair Step 4: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the sensor assembly for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 5: Insert an iFlex in the seam between the watch frame and the top edge of the sensor assembly to create a gap. Carefully twist the iFlex to widen the gap. Don't apply too much force, or you'll cause the sensor assembly to pop off and tear the sensor assembly cables.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick into the gap you created. Do not insert the opening pick deeper than 3 mm to avoid tearing the sensor assembly cables. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner of the sensor assembly and along the right edge to slice its adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and along the bottom edge to slice the rear assembly adhesive.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening around the bottom left corner and along the left edge to slice the remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 10: ***In the following steps, the band release buttons and springs may fall out. Be careful during the disassembly, as they are very easy to lose.*** The band release buttons are equipped with a tiny spring on each end. The springs are mandatory for the buttons to function properly. During reassembly, make sure each band release button has its two springs, and the buttons are repositioned in their recesses. If a band release button falls out and the springs aren't on the button, they may have gotten stuck in the watch during disassembly. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove them from the watch and place them upright into their recess on the button for reassembly.

Repair Step 11: The sensor assembly is connected to the watch body with two cables. One of the cables is extremely short and its connector will automatically disconnect when lifting the sensor assembly. To reconnect the [link| press connector|new_window=true] during reassembly, line up the sensor assembly to the frame and squeeze gently. Carefully lift the top edge of the sensor assembly with your opening pick until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the sensor assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 12: Be careful not to strain the sensor assembly cable when you lift the assembly up. Lift the sensor assembly and carefully pull it towards the bottom edge of the watch. Swing the sensor assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 13: The band release button near the sensor assembly cable is equipped with [link| tiny spring on each end]. Be careful not to lose the button or its springs. Use a spudger to pry and disconnect the sensor assembly cable from its socket.

Repair Step 14: Remove the sensor assembly.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew 4 4.5mm Phillips head screws from the back of the device.

Repair Step 2: Remove back.

Repair Step 3: Unclip straps holding motherboard to screen using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Unscrew 2 3.0mm Phillips head screws holding motherboard in place. The other screw is hidden under the copper band on opposite side.

Repair Step 5: Remove the "core" of the device from case.

Repair Step 6: Separate motherboard from screen and then clean or replace motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch so that the bottom is facing toward you.

Repair Step 2: Using your finger, press down on the small pin ball until the pin is decompressed. Slide the pin out of place. Pull the pin out of the opposite side and remove the watchband.

Repair Step 3: Repeat the previous step to remove the other side of the watchband.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wristband by sliding the metal pins located on both sides of the wrist band, and pulling the wristband off.

Repair Step 2: Use a T5 Torx Screwdriver to remove the 4 (0.4 mm) screws located on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Slide the opening tool in between the two halves of the case and slide along the edge of the watch while gently prying the back cover away from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery ribbon cable off of the back cover. Avoid damaging the gold terminals on the ribbon cable. When reassembling, make sure that the yellow strip snaps back on to the black pin. The pin is located, and marked on the picture. Pull up on the tab that says, “Pull”, the battery will lift straight out.

Repair Step 5: Using the plastic opening tool, pull up on the flex connector. It will come off the motherboard, but will stay attached to the cover like a hinge.

Repair Step 6: It is recommended to use antistatic wrist wrap whenever removing the motherboard. Place the plastic opening tool underneath the motherboard at this location. Gently pry the motherboard away from the front cover. It should pop off and be free from the cover. Attached to the motherboard is the infrared LED Light. To replace the IR LED, you may need to replace the entire motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive securing it.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and ***stop at the top of the side button***. Don't slide your pick past the side button—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 13: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 14: Heating the battery will soften the strong adhesive securing it, making the battery easier to remove. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the battery for two minutes to soften the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the battery.

Repair Step 15: Insert an opening pick between the bottom edge of the battery and frame. Pry up the battery with the opening pick until it starts to separate from the frame. This requires time and constant pressure. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. Slide the pick farther under the battery and lift until all the adhesive is separated.

Repair Step 16: Be careful not to strain or tear the battery cable during the rest of your repair. Lift and rotate the battery so its edge with the cable rests on the bottom edge of the watch. During the remaining steps, keep the battery propped up against the bottom edge while you work.

Repair Step 17: Even though the Series 9 battery is encased in metal, be careful with sharp tools—a punctured battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Use one arm of [product|IF145-020-5|angled tweezers] to gently lift the tape from the top right corner of the battery.

Repair Step 18: Use tweezers to remove the tape from the left edge of the battery.

Repair Step 19: Light adhesive secures the battery cable to the battery. Slide an opening pick under the battery cable to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 20: Use the point of a spudger to lift the small, hinged locking flap on the battery [guide|25629|ZIF connector|stepid=64969|new_window=true].

Repair Step 21: Use tweezers to pull the battery cable straight out of its socket.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. To install a new battery: Use tweezers and a spudger to remove all the old adhesive from the battery recess. If your replacement battery doesn't have adhesive pre-installed, put strips of [product|IF317-072|thin, double-sided tape|new_window=true] on the logic board (***not*** directly on the battery) where the old adhesive was. Insert the battery cable into its connector on the battery and lower the locking flap. Remove any liners from the battery adhesive or double-sided tape. Position the battery so the side with the cable connector is on the left edge of the watch. Firmly press the battery into place to secure it with the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Locate the front LCD screen on your device. Fitbit logo should appear in the bottom center of the screen.

Repair Step 2: Push the screen out through the back of the metal ring enclosure. Use a small amount of force on screen to prevent damage. Use other hand to catch screen.

Repair Step 3: Locate the metal pin behind the wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into the blue rectangle enclosure. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 4: Locate the pin behind the second wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into opposite direction. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Teardown Step 1: This watch makes use of [link| quick release bands]. Slide the pin on the metal bar and pull the band away from the watch body.

Teardown Step 2: (First photo) Past Forerunner models made use of a simplified glue construction which made it easier to heat-soften the glue and remove the screen by prying or by suction. (Second photo) This watch (and other recent models) makes use of a complicated glue construction which makes it more difficult to heat-soften the glue and remove the screen by prying or by suction. For more detail, the 3D models used to produce these images are available at these links: ([link|], [link|]) and can be opened in your browser at [link|]. Watch body Glue Bezel Screen

Teardown Step 3: This method is likely to fail. If you cannot complete it successfully, move on to the (more destructive) next step. Utilize your choice of [link|], heat gun, hair dryer, oven, etc. to soften the internal glue. Attach a suction cup to the watch face and pull up while holding the watch body in place until the two separate. Be careful not to damage the FFC (flexible flat cable) connecting to the screen after separation.

Teardown Step 4: This method is likely to fail. If you cannot complete it successfully, move on to the (more destructive) next step. Utilize your choice of [link|], heat gun, hair dryer, oven, etc. to soften the internal glue. Wedge your tool of choice (spudger, opening tool, knife, etc.) between the bezel brim and the rest of the watch body until you reach the wall of the plastic ring which hangs down from the bezel. Pry the watch face away from the watch body until the glue releases. Be careful not to damage the FFC (flexible flat cable) connecting to the screen after separation. You may need to cut some material away from the watch body or bezel brim in order to slide your tool in far enough to pry.

Teardown Step 5: While this method is more likely to work, it is also more likely to damage the screen. Slip a knife between the bezel brim and the rest of the watch body. When you reach the wall of the plastic ring which hangs down from the bezel, don't stop. Instead, saw your way through this wall and make a slot large enough for a pry tool. The FFC for the screen is particularly vulnerable if you choose to make a slot near the 6 o'clock position (under the "GARMIN" logo) due to its attachment point to the screen just behind the bezel ring. Place your prying tool as far as it will go into the new slot and push the screen up until the glue releases.

Teardown Step 6: Disconnect the screen FFC from the motherboard as described in [link| guide]. Similarly undo the connector for the FFC leading under the motherboard to the heartbeat sensor and vibration motor.

Teardown Step 7: Insert wisdom here.

Teardown Step 8: Undo and remove both of the T5 screws. Turn the watch over so it is face down and let the motherboard fall out of the watch body.

Teardown Step 9: Heart rate sensor Vibration motor Charging/USB contacts Antennas Waterproof button chambers

Teardown Step 10: ANT/BLE/BT coprocessor: Cypress CYW20719 [link|] GPS coprocessor: Sony D5603 [link|] RF front end: Qorvo (RF Micro Devices) RFFM6205 [link|]

Teardown Step 11: The sides of the metal shielding are clips which fit around the small metal walls underneath of them on the PCB. You can reach under the end of the clips and push up to remove them. Alternatively, stick something small past the gap between clips and under the shielding, then use it to pull the shielding up. Remove the 3M tape covering the rest of the components.

Teardown Step 12: Main processor: NXP Kinetis MK28FN2M0ACAU15 [link|], [link| reference manual (requires free login)] SDRAM: Winbond W987D6HBGX6E [link|] Sensorhub coprocessor: Ambiq Micro Apollo2 [link|] Wifi coprocessor: ATWILC 1000B-UU [link|] eMMC: KLM4G1FETE-B041 [link|] PMIC: Maxim Integrated MAX20303B [link|]

Teardown Step 13: 905 AGR (qr code) LNF 852 K6A J80 (circle) JD910 Unknown Many other chips on both sides of the motherboard are too small to be legible by me, but might make sense to others. The chips starting with 908 are likely designed by Garmin and proprietary. Other chips with single and double letter names may be named according to [link| reference].

Teardown Step 14: Insert wisdom here.

Teardown Step 15: Battery: Garmin 361-00086-11, 3.8Vcd * 180mAh = 0.68Wh, soldered to motherboard

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 4: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the microphone opening at the top edge of the back cover. Pry upwards to loosen the back cover assembly. This may require some force. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the daughterboard. Swing the back cover assembly open by 45 degrees to gain access to the sensor assembly cable.

Repair Step 5: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 6: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the microphone cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the three 4.1 mm-long screws securing the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Insert the point of a spudger between the right edge of the core assembly and the watch frame. Pry upwards to loosen the core assembly. Don't try to remove the core assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the screen.

Repair Step 10: Carefully swing open the core assembly like the front cover of a book. Avoid straining or tearing the display cables at the bottom of the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to disconnect the screen and the digitizer cables by prying the connectors straight up from their sockets.

Repair Step 12: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: The device itself.

Repair Step 2: Removing soft strap. The device is pretty smart. It turns off those green puls measuring LED`s so it`s tricky to take a picture of those glowing.

Repair Step 3: Remove 4 screws in corners from the back. Remove the cover. Thin silicone washer is visible now. The buttons look waterproof.

Repair Step 4: Remove one more screw. Now 100mAh is visible. Also we can see some modules under the LCD panel. Will get there later. SURPRISE! the MCU is barried under a blob of epoxy( USB connector has only teo wires out for charging. And a reset button. Definitely not waterproof. Same as USB port cap. Why putting so much effort on that buttons and seal if anything else is not protected?!

Repair Step 5: Double sided tape holds the battery. Separate plastic frame for LED`s is holded by two latches which are holded by a plastic flake. Rather complex.

Repair Step 6: With frame removed. The flexible PCB with LED`s is also mounted on a double sided tape. While removing try to rip this corner with much copper on it. Those traces are signed, so cute. Vibromotor is glued firmly.

Repair Step 7: Plastic frame is holded by two pins. Now remove 4 screws holding the panel. Two modules under the panels. Bluetooth 4 on the left. Unknown module on the right. Scoped photo of the right one. LCD panel works fine after reassembling.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the screen to the back until you get enough space to pry out the battery. Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44mm version of the Apple Watch Series 4. However if you own the 40mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The adhesive which holds the battery in place is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Mind the display cables and especially the Force Touch cable which covers the battery in one corner so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery and bring it in a 75° angle. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black sticker off the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 15: The black foil which covers the display connectors is very fragile and likely to rip. To keep the tape intact while peeling it off, it's necessary to use high isopropyl alcohol or an iOpener. Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip and apply it to the black adhesive foil. Let it penetrate the adhesive for about two minutes. Alternatively you can place an on top of the screen to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener at least for two minutes.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel off the tape covering the three display cable connectors.

Repair Step 17: Use one arm of a pair of tweezers to carfully open the three ZIF connectors on the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of blunt nose tweezers to peel up the sides of the black foil which adheres the cable to the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 19: Lift the body of the watch up and carefully slide a spudger underneath the display flex cable to loosen remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 20: Carefully pull the display flex cables out of their ZIF connectors. Make sure to hold on to the display flex cable during this procedure and avoid pulling only on the body of the watch. Otherwise the display cable might rip. Separate the watch assembly and the screen.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening pick into the recess between the watch frame and the top edge of the back cover. Push the opening pick to create a gap between the back cover and the watch frame.

Repair Step 4: Twist the opening pick to widen the gap between the back cover assembly and the watch frame. Pry upward to loosen the back cover assembly. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully lift up the bottom edge of the back cover assembly to make sure it isn't adhered to the watch frame anymore. Avoid straining or tearing the sensor or battery cables.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back cover assembly and carefully bring it into an upright position next to the watch housing.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 9: Remove the back cover assembly.

Teardown Step 1: This is Withings Activité Pop Smartwatch. A beautifully designed no frills smartwatch that shows your daily activity score with an analogue gauge. Remove the rubber band by pulling tiny levers at the back along arrow direction.

Teardown Step 2: The case back can be opened by prying with the opening tool or a flat screwdriver. You will see the CR2025 lithium battery shining with all its glory.

Teardown Step 3: Pry the CR2025 lithium battery off and ponder the meaning of three hexadecimal numbers on the information sticker.

Teardown Step 4: Using a thin flat blade screwdriver remove three self tapping screws holding the inner plastic cover. The vibration motor (round metal part in second photo) has a sticky tape on it. You may need to apply force to separate the motor from the inner plastic cover. See the main PCB.

Teardown Step 5: Using a thin flat blade screwdriver remove 12 (!) fine threaded screws to release the main PCB from the stepper motors of three dial hands.

Teardown Step 6: ...and enjoy the view.

Teardown Step 7: ...and enjoy the view.

Teardown Step 8: This Withings Activité Pop Smartwatch had water ingress and it failed due to corrosion. A common fault with this watch is loose inner screws, leading to poor PCB contact with motors. When you change battery make sure you apply silicone grease on the rubber gasket of the case back. The dial and hands are not accessible since the glass is pressed.

Repair Step 1: On the strap there is a knob. Sliding this knob towards the opposite side of the strap releases the tension on the spring bar, allowing you to pull the strap out..

Repair Step 2: Use the T5 Torx driver to remove the four screws on the case. Use the magnetic pad to keep all your parts easily contained! The case will pry easily off with just gentle hand pressure

Repair Step 3: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently remove the fabric protecting the battery connection. Take care when removing the fabric. Too much force may damage the contact with the metal tweezers. Use the heavy duty spudger to gently push the contact towards the top of the case.

Repair Step 4: Gently pry the battery up with the plastic pry tools

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch facedown.

Repair Step 2: Grip one side of the watch band and pull the tab on the band away from the watch face. Pull the band away from the watch face while continuing to press the tab. Repeat for the band on the other side.

Repair Step 1: Use a T6 screwdriver to remove the five 1.7 mm screws from the watch face.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the face off the watch base. Do not yank the face. A ribbon connector connects the face and the motherboard, and yanking could result in damage to the motherboard or ribbon.

Repair Step 3: Use a spudger to lift up and free the screen ribbon cable's press-fit connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Set the watch face aside.

Repair Step 5: Locate the antenna, which is located on the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the antenna, and set it aside.

Repair Step 7: Use a T5 screwdriver to remove the two silver 1.4 mm screws from the motherboard. To avoid losing or dropping the screws once they are loose, use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to extract them.

Repair Step 8: Lift the watch and turn it over one hand. The motherboard should fall out easily. When reinserting your motherboard, slide it in instead of pressing it. The motherboard must go beneath a lip at the base of the watch body.

Repair Step 9: Using the spludger, separate the battery from the motherboard, which are both held together with a mild adhesive. Note that the battery connector lifts upward away from the circuit board by simply lifting the wires up should pop the connector. When re-seating the new battery connector make sure the connector is seated home fully or it will not work and the the watch will show "100%" when on the charger but will not start.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 4: With the watch laying face-down, locate the four screws. They are located on the back of the watch, at the four corners.

Repair Step 5: Using a Torx-T5 screwdriver, remove each of the four 4mm screws and set them aside.

Repair Step 6: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the top edge of the watch’s back cover.

Repair Step 7: With the watch’s back cover pried loose, gently lift it away from the front half of the watch.

Repair Step 8: Lay both halves of the watch body assembly face down (with internal components facing up).

Repair Step 9: Locate the ribbon cable connector near the edge of the watch's case. Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry the connector from the motherboard

Repair Step 10: Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry away the red spacers. Set the spacers aside.

Repair Step 11: Insert the end of the plastic opening tool under the motherboard. Gently pry up the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: Set the motherboard on a flat, stable surface. Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry the heart rate sensor cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Once the cable is disconnected, run the plastic opening tool under the heart rate sensor from all sides, gently prying up as you go along.

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Grab the watch once it is separated from the wristband.

Repair Step 4: Flip over the watch and remove the four 3.0 mm Torx head screws with a T4 Torx head screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two 3.0 mm Torx screws from the front. Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws. The two 3.0 mm Torx screws are painted blue at the end. These screws have screw holders around them that will also need to be removed. Unscrew the screws from the front of the watch casing and the screw holders fall out from the back of the watch casing.

Repair Step 6: Gently pull the back panel away from the front panel. Do not to pull too fast or too hard. There are red and black wires connected to the vibrator component that should not be ripped.

Repair Step 7: Gently wiggle the black box vibrator component away from the back panel with your fingers or a Spudger tool. Be gentle with the red and black wires. You do not want them to rip or pop out. The vibrator component is the small black box with the silver metal part at end. The black box is glued down, so it will take a little force to free it and it will be sticky.

Repair Step 8: Grab the back panel and a blue, plastic opening tool to pry the black battery pack off the back panel. The battery pack is glued down, so it will be a bit sticky and harder to get off. After removing the battery, you are ready to replace it with a new one. If you need to replace the back panel, you are ready to take out the old battery and place it in the new back panel.

Repair Step 1: Orient the watch so that the screen is face up. Remove the five 6 mm black screws from the perimeter of the watch face using the T5 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift up the watch face as it's attached to the motherboard by a ribbon connector. Detach the black connector from the motherboard. A spudger can be used if you have trouble prying the piece with your fingers. Don't pull on the ribbon as it could tear. When the ribbon is disconnected remove the watch face.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening pick into the recess between the watch frame and the top edge of the back cover. Push the opening pick to create a gap between the back cover and the watch frame.

Repair Step 4: Twist the opening pick to widen the gap between the back cover assembly and the watch frame. Pry upward to loosen the back cover assembly. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully lift up the bottom edge of the back cover assembly to make sure it isn't adhered to the watch frame anymore. Avoid straining or tearing the sensor or battery cables.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back cover assembly and carefully bring it into an upright position next to the watch housing.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 9: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 10: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the back cover for 2 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath the battery. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 11: Reposition the battery and sensor assembly cables by folding the battery cable to the left and then the sensor cable to the right side of the back cover assembly. Do not bend the cables sharply to avoid cable damage.

Repair Step 12: Insert the flat end of a spudger underneath the bottom edge of the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Pry upwards to loosen the battery.

Repair Step 13: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. [guide|113604|Secure the new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place.

Repair Step 1: Set the watch face down on a flat surface. Place the heated [guide|11677|iOpener] on the face of the rear cover to loosen the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 3: Gently slide the blue opening pick between the rear cover and the metal casing. The rear cover is extremely fragile. Be very delicate when using the opening pick. Work your way entirely around the rear cover. It may take several attempts of reheating the adhesive to get the rear cover loose enough to pull off.

Repair Step 4: Once the adhesive has been successfully loosened, gently pull the rear cover off.

Repair Step 5: To get to the O-Ring, use the Jimmy to gently pry off the rear housing.

Repair Step 6: Pinch the green rubber O-Ring and slide it off of the watch. The O-Ring is delicate and is easily severed. Use care around sharp objects.

Repair Step 7: Detach the copper ribbon connecting the motherboard and the display. For reassembly, attach copper ribbon where it is marked. The copper ribbon is fragile and easily disconnects. Remember where it goes so as to reconnect it properly.

Repair Step 8: Use the spudger to separate the battery casing from the rear housing. For leverage, place the spudger in either groove in the rear housing.

Repair Step 9: Lift the black plastic pull-tab and pull back on the battery until it's removed from the battery casing. The battery is very firmly secured, so you may have to use a great deal of force. There are two strips of adhesive securing the battery. You may have to use the spudger to loosen the adhesive. Use care not to damage electronics.

Repair Step 10: Once the battery is separate from the back of the battery casing, disconnect the red and black wire by prying or pulling it straight up from the board (perpendicular to the board surface).

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the tri-point screw securing the metal cover plate. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the cover plate. First open the plate all the way to unhinge the two flaps. Then close it halfway to remove it completely by lifting it out.

Repair Step 9: On the GPS-only version it is possible to disconnect the battery immediately. For the cellular/LTE version, you need to disconnect the Force Touch gasket and fold it out of the way first, in order to disconnect the battery. Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the tape covering the display cable connectors. Start from the bottom right of the tape and carefully work your way towards the connector in the middle. The tape can be stubborn, so take care not to pull too hard and damage the cables underneath. If needed, apply a little heat or some isopropyl alcohol to help soften the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: The leftmost connector contains a piece of conductive foil, which may tear when taking off the tape. If it tears, grab it from the bottom left to remove it completely. This way the matching foil underneath (on the display) will remain unharmed.

Repair Step 12: Carefully use a pry tool or a clean fingernail to unlock the first of the three connectors by prying up the small black locking flap opposite the cable.

Repair Step 13: Pry up the locking flaps on the remaining two ZIF connectors. Replacement screens usually ship with these locking flaps closed. During reassembly, make sure the flaps are '''open''' before inserting the cables, or you may damage your watch.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of tweezers to disconnect the display flex cables by gently pulling them out. If the cables are stubborn, try carefully walking them out in a left-to-right-motion while pulling gently.

Repair Step 15: Remove the display. For detailed reassembly instructions, including replacing the Force Touch gasket and surrounding adhesive, see the guide linked in the conclusion below.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wrist strap by peeling back the rubber starting from one corner of the watch face. Continue peeling the rubber away from the watch face until the strap is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Starting from an edge, wedge a metal spudger in between the screen and the chrome trim ring and pry, lifting the screen outwards. Some force is needed due to adhesive seal.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the plastic motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 4: Locate the ribbon assembly attaching the display to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to detach the glass screen/ LED Display ribbon connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Now the watch should be in three separate pieces.

Repair Step 7: Locate the home ribbon connector attached to the wrist side (side that faces the user when wearing it) of the motherboard assembly. Locate the home ribbon assembly attached to the screen side of the motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 8: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry up on the home ribbon connector.

Repair Step 9: Use the spudger to pry up the home ribbon assembly.

Repair Step 1: There are four T4 screws located on the back of the watch that are removed to allow the two halves to come apart (***Circled in Picture***). The screws have a little of the silicone gasket around them that you may want to clean of to make re-installation easier later. Though it appears to be designed for a T4, I found it easier to work with the T3. Once the screws are removed you will need to separate the top and bottom. There is a silicone gasket/seal that is holding the two halves together. I was able to use the blade of a hobby knife in a small gap at the top of the watch, closest to the 4 holes (***Arrow in Picture***). This appears to be the safest starting point since the sensor you are most likely to clip, if you slip through the gasket quicker than expected, is protected by a metal casing. As a gap is created insert another flat pry tool, into the gap so you can use the two to work your way around the edge gently cutting or peeling away the gasket/seal. There are four plastic clips that help hold the top and bottom together without the screws.

Repair Step 2: With the watch open you will be able to see the two ribbon cables connecting the top and bottom of the watch (red square). Using a flat tool you can gently separate the cables from the top of the watch. Parts on the bottom half of the watch that I could identify. ***Battery***: Held in place by double sided tape. (Center of the watch, blue square). ***Speaker***: Additional details in Step 3. (Right edge, orange square). ***Step/Pedometer Sensor***: Connected through the black ribbon cable. (Right side of the bottom edge, yellow square.) ***Unknown Sensor***: This might be a small proximity or pressure sensor, but I'm unsure. It is connected to the black ribbon cable. (Left side of the bottom edge, pink square.)

Repair Step 3: The speaker is held in place by a metal clip that must be flexed outward to remove. Removal of the speaker will take a little effort because of the gasket around it. I was able to get it out by gently prying opposite edges and slowly wiggling it out. The bottom of the speaker has a black gasket and mesh protecting the driver. I used a toothbrush to gently clean away the dirt and debris.

Repair Step 4: ***Speaker***: Insert it back into the hole with the two connection pads on the outside edge and snap the metal clip back into place. ***Ribbon Cables***: Aligning the connectors can be a little tricky, I found it easiest to gently flex the connectors away from the battery and adjust the angle of the connectors. (See first image) ***Gasket \ Seal***: This is a critical part of the reassembly as it will protect the internal components from water and moisture damage. Using a toothpick, apply a thin strip of the the RTV Silicone around the edge of the watch. Applying the silicone under the ribbon cables will be the trickiest part. I achieved this by saving this part for last and holding the bottom half of the watch above the other, ready to put it in place as soon as I was done. I placed a pee size glob of silicone onto a post-it note. Then by rolling the tip of the toothpick in it, I could get a small amount that was easy to apply with relative precision. With the seal in place the top and bottom should gently snap back together. When reinserting the screws gently tighten them in a cross pattern and do not over tighten.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the middle loudspeaker opening at the top edge of your watch.

Repair Step 4: The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use the spudger to pry up the back cover assembly of your Huawei watch GT 2. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully swing the back cover assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the four 3.9 mm-long Torx T3 screws. Depending on the condition of your driver, a Torx T4 bit may fit better. Don't try to detach the back cover yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 2: Be careful not to strain the sensor flex cable during this procedure. Carefully lift the back cover by the watch crown edge and swing it open to an upward position.

Repair Step 3: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 5: Remove the three 3.7 mm-long Phillips #00 screws.

Repair Step 6: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the notch at the upper end of the white plastic frame. Use your spudger as a lever and pry up the core assembly. Don't try to remove the core assembly all the way yet—it is still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 7: Carefully lift the loose edge of the core assembly up and swing it to a 100-degree angle. Be careful not to strain the display and sensor flex cables during this procedure.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the display flex cable from the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Use a Phillips driver to remove the screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: The motherboard is held tightly in place by small, fragile plastic clips. Be very careful as you pry during the following procedure. Use the flat end of a spudger or your fingernail to carefully bend the plastic clips around the motherboard to the side in order to free the motherboard. Repeat this procedure for all plastic clips around the motherboard. Note that there are also clips underneath the rubber pads covering the two side buttons. Don't try to remove the motherboard all the way yet. It is still connected to the battery.

Repair Step 13: Carefully lift the motherboard assembly to free it from any remaining plastic clips. Don't try to remove the motherboard all the way yet. It is still connected to the battery.

Repair Step 14: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 15: Apply a to the back of the white plastic frame for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive beneath the battery.

Repair Step 16: Insert an opening pick in the gap between the white plastic frame and the battery. Use the opening pick to pry the battery up and out of its recess.

Repair Step 17: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 1: Remove the blue protective film from the adhesive. To simplify the removal you can lift and cut the blue protective film at one point. Avoid cutting the force touch gasket.

Repair Step 2: Align the screen and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. For best results, apply heat from your iOpener, heat gun, or hair dryer to help set the adhesive. After the screen sits in place apply some pressure for a few hours by wrapping the watch with a couple rubber bands, or placing it under a heavy book or two.

Repair Step 1: Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 4.2 mm screws securing the lower case. Gently pry the case open with a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] if the case will not release after removing the bolts. ***Do not remove the lower case completely yet; this could damage cables connected to the lower case.***

Repair Step 2: Raise the cover without straining the connected ribbon cable. Disconnect the ribbon cable from the motherboard with a halberd spudger.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the right (small, black head) and bottom right ribbons (wide, orange head). No need to disconnect the left or bottom left ribbons.

Repair Step 4: Gently remove the motherboard using the spudger tool. The best area to pry is at the bottom of the motherboard, right under one of the ribbons that was just disconnected.

Repair Step 5: While pushing the power button inwards, use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the c-clamp. The c-clamp is a very tiny object; be cautious of losing it. Remove the power button.

Repair Step 6: Insert the new power button in place of the old power button. Attach the c-clamp back around the power button while it is being pushed inwards.

Teardown Step 1: What's that in your shiny new Apple Watch? Second-generation OLED Retina display with Force Touch Consistent with the original Apple Watch, the Series 3 comes in two sizes: 38 mm (272 × 340 pixels, 290 ppi) and 42 mm (312 × 390 pixels, 302 ppi). Custom-designed Apple S3 SiP (System in Package) Optional LTE and UMTS, built in GPS/GLONASS + NFC + Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n 2.4 GHz + Bluetooth 4.2 Accelerometer + gyroscope + heart rate sensor + microphone + speaker + barometric altimeter + ambient light sensor Water resistance rating (up to 50 meters) WatchOS 4

Teardown Step 2: Before we get inside, put on your X-ray glasses for a sneak peek. Many Bothans died to bring us this information. Just kidding. This image is courtesy of the friendly X-ray experts at . While the overall layout is fairly unchanged from the we tore down and X-rayed in 2015, it looks like there may be a few extra solder pads under the speaker (top right of this image).

Teardown Step 3: Time for a quick check of the back to make sure we bought the right watch. Yep, this here is an Apple Watch Series 3, the most exclusive and top of the line Apple wrist computer, offering unparalleled computing power and fashion for the next 51 weeks. We even got the LTE model! Next to that secret diagnostic port we picked out a new model number: A1889.

Teardown Step 4: This watch's time has come. Since its form factor remains unchanged, we're hoping our still applies. Summation: and slice. Slow and steady. Do not be distracted by the . Aside from that ~~status symbol~~ red dot, we'd almost be convinced we're again. This looks eerily familiar.

Teardown Step 5: Cables de-ZIF'd, we're clear to get a look at the display. Spec-wise, the display is unchanged from the , with one key difference—it now functions as a multifrequency (LTE?) antenna. We'll be testing compatibility to see if the displays really are interchangeable. This display has one fewer IC than last year. Probably wasn't important. Analog Devices 343S00092 touch controller NXP Semiconductor NFC module Texas Instruments TPS36372 display power management (likely) Empty solder pad ( goes here?)

Teardown Step 6: As in the prior version, further access is barred by a tiny tri-point screw—one of we've come prepared for. The top third of the watch is labeled "Taptic Engine," and that's mostly true—but the label also hides a bracket that guards, among other things, the battery connector we're searching for. Time to pick away the power pack and see what gives this watch its all-day go-juice. ''Professional teardown engineer on a closed track. Do not attempt battery replacement on the go. ''

Teardown Step 7: While the , Apple's watch battery has been subtly pumped up: The Series 3 battery, designated A1848, packs in '''1.07 Whr''' (279 mAh at 3.82 V). That's nearly a 4% increase from —which itself was a whopping 32% increase over the . We're curious to see how Apple managed to beef up the battery while still leaving room for the added functionality of cellular antennas, radios, power amplifiers, SIM card, and so on—all in the same form factor as before.

Teardown Step 8: So far so good. We pull out the standard Force Touch sensor/gasket, equipped with the same Analog Devices capacitance sensor controller that we found in the Series 2. Continuing our parts-picking spree, we pluck out the Taptic Engine, seemingly unchanged from . Then out pops the antenna array, including what we believe to be the .

Teardown Step 9: The plucking continues, as we remove the self-emptying speaker, designed to sonically blast out water after your watch takes a dip. After an entirely Series 2-ish experience, we're finally rewarded with something new—a whole new section of RF chips, surely responsible for handling the added LTE functionality. In another new twist, the air vent hole next to the microphone is now populated by what looks like a barometric pressure sensor. Apple touted a new barometric altimeter when it introduced the Series 3 at the Steve Jobs Theater—much to our confusion, since . Time to pull this board!

Teardown Step 10: Did you guys hear that you ? Let's see who's in this : ST Microelectronics 32 bit MCU with ARM We suspect this is the Apple Watch's (eSIM) Avago AFEM-8057 Wi-Fi front-end module? Skyworks SKY78109-12 power amplifier module FY LEE C7P Bosch gyro + accelerometer, [link| pressure sensor] and unknown MEMS microphone FF1A02 (envelope module likely) USI 339M00035 RF transceiver module

Teardown Step 11: Last call: back cover. It's press-fit over a teflon-like O-ring, but a thumbs-up and a firm push relieves it of duty. The material has been standardized across watch models and souped up to snazzy ceramic, replacing the previous Ion-X or Sapphire options. It also houses the that is responsible for sensing heart rate. It would've been cool to see some change from after in previous models. As far as wearables go, however, the Apple Watch . Also it appears that the wireless charging coil has been slightly modified to support '''' Qi wireless chargers. Lastly, with the new barometric altimeter taking the spot next to the microphone, where did the air vent go? Answer: hiding out right here, next to the diagnostic port.

Teardown Step 12: Here's all the ~~clockwork~~ watchwork! Final big thanks to for giving up a bit of their weekend to help us out! And thanks again to for putting the X(-ray) in "excellent!"

Teardown Step 13: The Apple Watch Series 3 earns a '''6 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Watch band replacements remain fast and simple. Screen replacements are difficult but do-able—it's the first thing to come off, and detaches via simple ZIF connectors. Battery replacements are tricky but fairly straightforward once you're inside, provided you're armed with a Y000 screwdriver. While not proprietary, incredibly tiny tri-point screws are a repair hinderance. Replacing any of the component cables requires microsoldering. The mostly resin-encased S3 system makes most board-level repairs impossible.

Teardown Step 1: Check out the specs (and X-rays!) on our 45 mm teardown unit: 1.4 inch (34 mm) circular super AMOLED display with 360 × 360 resolution Exynos 9110 Dual-core, 1.15 GHz Cortex-A53 1 GB RAM and 8 GB storage (its predecessor had 1.5 GB RAM and 4 GB internal storage) Wireless charging ECG sensor, optical heart rate sensor, accelerometer, barometer, gyroscope IP68 ingress protection, rated for water resistance to a depth of 50 meters (5 ATM) All that in a package that's reportedly 14% thinner and 15% lighter than the previous gen. Check out this X-ray from our friends at to see it all at once, then keep reading to watch it come apart.

Teardown Step 2: First thing we note: the cool rotating bezel makes a triumphant return. Compulsive fidgeters, rejoice! Encircling the rear side, we find a constellation of holes for the mic, alti-barometric sensor, and speaker, as well as a brand new layout for the heart rate sensors and ECG functionality. Haven’t we seen this ECG-layout before? It sure looks a lot like the . This ''should'' also mean that one of the buttons has a sneaky upgrade to allow for pulse reading, so keep your eyes peeled!

Teardown Step 3: But let’s not compare apples to ~~oranges~~ galaxies. Here's an (left) for a game of "spot the differences." The Watch3 has a smaller body, but a bigger screen (albeit at the same resolution). Also, its buttons are more classically watch-like. But it's what's inside that counts, right? The Watch3 now has eight optical sensors and ECG capabilities—but in this edge-on X-ray, the most recognizable bit to our eyes is the wireless charging coil. There's a lot of layers in there, so let's start teasing it apart.

Teardown Step 4: Opening the Watch3 is a familiar—and relatively painless—procedure, featuring tri-point screws and a . These tri-points are tiny, but at least they're captive (hard to lose and easy to re-seal). While the back cover does feature a booby-trap sensor cable, its ample length makes it fairly benign. No traps were tripped in the making of this teardown. The ECG sensor, heart rate sensors, and wireless charging coil are all packed tightly into the monolithic back case—but not this freewheeling little speaker, with its nifty gasket. The optical biosensing is handled by the . Texas Instruments 1 MHz Operational Amplifier Modularity is neat! We approve. (Of the speaker, that is. We'll withhold approval of the other stuff until we find a way to extract it safely, which might take time.)

Teardown Step 5: Scooping out this vaguely disc-shaped motherboard next, we peek under the shields and find: A Samsung SiP FO-PLP combining the Exynos 9110 dual-core, 1.15 GHz Cortex-A53 processor, their in-house 1 GB DRAM and Power Management IC The SiP FO-PLP stands for System-in-Package Fan-Out Panel Level Packaging and is Samsung’s take on —which was already used in the original Galaxy Watch. Samsung Shannon 915 Intermediate Frequency IC NXP [link|] NFC controller w/ Secure Element WiFi/Bluetooth module and for GPS/GLONASS/etc Qualcomm Atheros QPA5580 Power Amplifier (likely) IDT P9222S wireless power receiver

Teardown Step 6: IC Identification, Pt. 2: STMicroelectronics [link|] Secure Element STMicroelectronics [link|] Pressure Sensor STMicroelectronics [link|] 3-Axis Accelerometer and Gyroscope Kinetic Technologies [link|] OVP Switch Infineon [link|] SP4T Antenna Tuning Switch NXP Semiconductor [link|] GPS/GLONASS/Galileo/COMPASS low noise amplifier

Teardown Step 7: Only mild adhesive secures the battery pack, which we can dig out without using any heat. (Granted, the weather here may have helped). Our little friend is rated at a sober 1.3 Wh (340 mAh @ 3.85 V)—but with a claimed 2-day battery life, maybe Samsung just isn't concerned about winning the smartwatch battery spec war. This puts it behind the (1.81 Wh), and the (1.56 Wh), but still ahead of the (1.129 Wh). We half expected to find a novel battery design with a —but so far, Apple seems to be the only watchmaker experimenting with that.

Teardown Step 8: Our is overkill for this midframe, which actually cooperates nicely as we lever it out. It reveals: What might be a rubber-ensconced alti-barometric sensor A modular cable combo with two ~~turntables~~ switches and a microphone. One of those switches comes with a bracket to enable the ECG function by closing the circuit of your finger and wrist Hall effect sensors that track the And the vibration motor, slightly glued to the frame.

Teardown Step 9: With the watch gutted, we finally have access to the circular AMOLED, always-on display. Except, well, it's not on ''right now''. Obviously. Although it was a journey getting here, the final step in this display removal only takes a to pop it free from its frame. No surprise, the display itself is manufactured by Samsung Display. It pays to be your own customer! Samsung was of course an early adopter of AMOLED tech in its mobile devices. But with Apple reportedly moving to microLED displays in the near future, it'll be interesting to see what happens next. With that, it looks like we're ''out of time!''

Teardown Step 10: Another dismantled galaxy: Bands, little comets, discs, and energy floating around. Only the repairability scoring will tell us how easy it will be to bring back order to this chaos.

Teardown Step 11: The Samsung Galaxy Watch3 earns a '''7 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): The opening procedure is straightforward and glueless. No overlapping design of cables, no fragile ZIF connectors. The battery and display are easily accessible with some disassembly. An uncommon tri-point driver is needed for the back cover—regular Phillips on the inside. Most components are modular and can be replaced separately—except for the rear sensor array which is fixed to the back cover. The glass digitizer and screen are fused together—meaning glass-only repairs will be impractical.

Teardown Step 1: Our initial telemetry of the Galaxy Watch brings up: 1.3” (33 mm) circular Super AMOLED with 360 × 360 display (1.2" / 30 mm on the smaller 42 mm version) Dual-core, 1.15 GHz Exynos 9110 processor 1.5 GB RAM + 4 GB internal memory (768 MB RAM for the Bluetooth version) Wireless charging and 5 ATM water resistance with IP68 rating 472 mAh battery (270 mAh for the 42 mm version)

Teardown Step 2: A quick orbital survey reveals twin mechanical buttons on one side of the watch, with a small ~~worm~~hole for the microphone. On the far side, we spot three more holes for the loudspeaker. There's also a heart rate sensor cluster at the bottom. There seems to be an additional small opening on the rear face, possibly for a proximity sensor or pressure valve.

Teardown Step 3: This Galaxy’s official designation is SM-R805F. The standardized 22 mm arms of this galaxy are rather easy to detach from the center … … and reveal access to a five-pin port at the lower end of the centerpiece. Is that a USB+1 for emergency wired charging and service?

Teardown Step 4: Equipped with our aluminum with swivel cap, we tackle the vortex-shaped tri-point screws. These screws seem to be attracted by three magnetic fields that handle docking to the wireless charging stand. But we are not distracted by that common and crack open the watch core with a little ''stronger force''. The Galaxy Watch is rated IP68 and therefore offers some resistance—.

Teardown Step 5: Expecting a booby trap, we're surprised by the generously long ribbon cable connecting the heart rate sensor back to the internals. The blue rubber seal around the Galaxy's edge might need replacing before reassembly if damaged, but there's no glue so far—we like that. Speaking of sealing: We also spot rubber gaskets for the microphone, ambient light sensor, and pressure sensor.

Teardown Step 6: After disconnecting the display, this nucleus separates nicely into a few smaller elements. Encouragingly, there is still no sign of that fifth fundamental force: glue. The display’s flex ~~cable~~ carpet carries the ambient light sensor, which peeps through a small hole in the display to gaze at the outside world. Ripping the cable carpet away like we did will most likely damage the display. If you plan on exploring your own Galaxy, be warned, and keep an eye out for our official guides.

Teardown Step 7: Although the display is circular, it is not spherical—which seems to support the controversial "flat display theory." With foldable displays coming in the though, this theory may soon be disproved for good. The Super AMOLED display on our 46 mm version has a diameter of 1.3" (33 mm). The vertical and horizontal max resolution is 360 pixels. We spot a chip with the markings S88YA1YF1X01 (most likely Samsung's AMOLED driver) ... and the ambient light sensor with its peep hole.

Teardown Step 8: The ~~gravitational~~ computational center of the galaxy looks like a little flat bug’s head, with its two button cables as antennae. There's not much else to show on this side, save for two flat monolith-ish blocks of resin—similar to .

Teardown Step 9: The other side though has a bit more to offer: Samsung Exynos 9110 SoC (dual-core, 1.15 GHz) NXP Semiconductor [link|] NFC controller w/ secure element Broadcom BCM430131 WiFi/BT chip and BCM47758 GPS/GLONASS w/ sensor hub chip Skyworks and multimode/multiband power amplifier modules for 3G/LTE Samsung Shannon 910 envelope tracker (likely) STMicroelectronics [link|] barometric pressure sensor ST Micro 32-bit ARM® SecurCore® SC300 (secure element)

Teardown Step 10: ... and even more ID: Renesas (Formerly IDT) P9222S wireless power receiver STMicroelectronics [link|] 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope (likely) NXP Semiconductor [link|] GPS/GLONASS/Galileo/COMPASS low noise amplifier Goertek MEMS microphone

Teardown Step 11: Structural integrity is provided by a midframe, which also houses the power source that makes this galaxy spin. With the push of a finger, we can pop out the 3.85 V battery with its 472 mAh offering 1.81 Wh. That means this Galaxy surpasses the 1.47 Wh of the Gear S3 (380 mAh @ 3.85 V) and the 1.113 Wh of the Apple Watch Series 4 (291.8 mAh @ 3.81 V).

Teardown Step 12: We return to the back cover in search of satellite components. Equipped with a , we probe the heart rate sensor and the wireless charging coil. The four photo cells of the heart rate sensor are gathered around the light source in the middle. On board is a single Texas Instruments SN1712025 ultra-small, integrated AFE (analog front end) heart rate sensor chip

Teardown Step 13: The last parts to come out of the back cover are the service port and the loudspeaker, held fast by two Phillips screws, with a rubber gasket for ingress protection. From the midframe, we extract an ordinary vibration motor and a hall sensor array, which we set aside to investigate later with the rotating bezel.

Teardown Step 14: This galaxy has its own outer ring, and we are eager to lift it free. An helps us push the ring out of its orbit. What comes to light is a separate plastic ring and four metal ball bearings. Each of the bearings sits on a spring recessed in the aluminum casing, generating a snappy lock when the bezel is turned and the bearing constellation aligns with the grooves in the bezel.

Teardown Step 15: To read the turning of the bezel, the Galaxy Watch uses a different approach than the . There are three (Seiko Instruments) on the small PCB, at the same distance from each other as the grooves on the bezel. And every third groove has a small magnet inside. When the bezel is turned, two of the three sensors read a change in their magnetic field (either on/off or off/on). The third sensor does not read a change. With this method, it can be clearly determined in which direction the bezel is rotated.

Teardown Step 16: What happens when this man-made galaxy stops spinning? It gets recharged of course. And its charger shall not remain a mystery. Again we grab our precision bit driver, and go for a spin ourselves.

Teardown Step 17: This one won't give away its secrets that easily, so we have to bring out our thermally-enhanced particle accelerator (also known as an ordinary heat gun). Eventually we succeed with strong (hand) force and the use of a pair of ... ... which lays bare the charging coil with its ~14 windings (front and back).

Teardown Step 18: A small ~~~~ PCB lifts off from the charger, and it's carrying some new silicon: Renesas (Formerly IDT) wireless power transmitter with a 32 bit ARM® Cortex®-M0 processor Micro USB for power supply , but ''one'' LED light on the tail. This charger's layout could be similar to the Gear S3 charging dock, which provides 700 mA of output current at 5 V.

Teardown Step 19: All the pieces of this Galaxy are now spread across the ~~sky~~ table. Our galactic journey ends here. The space-time continuum remains stable and we filled our explorational void with a little knowledge and insight. So stay tuned for future teardowns, and remain curious.

Teardown Step 20: The Samsung Galaxy Watch earns a '''7 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Display repair is prioritized. No overlapping design of cables, no fragile ZIF connectors. Despite the water-resistant construction, the opening procedure is straightforward and glueless (though it requires an uncommon tri-point driver). The battery only uses mild adhesive, but the motherboard must be removed for access. A lot of components are modular and can be replaced separately—except for the frequently-used twin button cables, which are soldered to the motherboard. The glass digitizer and screen are fused together—meaning a full replacement will be quick and easy, but glass-only repairs will be impractical.

Repair Step 1: Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 4.2 mm screws securing the lower case. Gently pry the case open with a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] if the case will not release after removing the bolts. ***Do not remove the lower case completely yet; this could damage cables connected to the lower case.***

Repair Step 2: Raise the cover without straining the connected ribbon cable. Disconnect the ribbon cable from the motherboard with a halberd spudger.

Repair Step 3: Gently wedge a spudger underneath the charging coil ribbon. Carefully pry the charging coil up and remove it from the assembly.

Repair Step 4: Place the new charging coil in the same orientation as the one previously removed. Attach the charging coil ribbon cable to the watch motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 4.2 mm screws securing the lower case. Gently pry the case open with a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] if the case will not release after removing the bolts. ***Do not remove the lower case completely yet; this could damage cables connected to the lower case.***

Repair Step 2: Raise the cover without straining the connected ribbon cable. Disconnect the ribbon cable from the motherboard with a halberd spudger.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wristband by sliding the metal pins located on both sides of the wrist band, and pulling the wristband off.

Repair Step 2: Use a T5 Torx Screwdriver to remove the 4 (0.4 mm) screws located on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Slide the opening tool in between the two halves of the case and slide along the edge of the watch while gently prying the back cover away from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery ribbon cable off of the back cover. Avoid damaging the gold terminals on the ribbon cable. When reassembling, make sure that the yellow strip snaps back on to the black pin. The pin is located, and marked on the picture. Pull up on the tab that says, “Pull”, the battery will lift straight out.

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the rubber gasket. It should come off with ease.

Repair Step 6: Using the fine tweezers, pull up on the speaker ribbon cable until separated from the back cover. Make sure to approach it like in the picture otherwise it may not come off cleanly. To lift out the speaker, place the tweezers underneath the speaker at the top left corner of the speaker and pry it up.

Repair Step 1: Reset your Garmin Fenix 2 Go to the folder on my Google Drive. Read the PDF file you'll find in the Folder > It explains the process of resetting the FENIX-2. Also, DOWNLOAD the ZIP file in the Folder. You'll need it. All the best. best regards, Jonathan Benjamin. Click here - bit.ly/Fenix2jon My email address is jonathanvarunbenjamin@gmail.com bit.ly/Fenix2jon

Repair Step 1: Detach the smart watch from the band by pushing on the back of the watch housing. The power button may fall out once the smart watch is detached. Set aside the power button and watch band as they are no longer needed for further disassembly.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to carefully pry the LCD screen from the watch housing.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool or spudger to lift the screen assembly press-fit connector free.

Repair Step 4: Set aside the detached LCD screen to access the battery.

Repair Step 5: Lift one side of the battery up carefully. There is a thin black circuit adhered to the back of the battery that connects to the motherboard and the charger. The connection is already broken in this image and you will not be able to lift the battery this high.

Repair Step 6: Push the black piece down while very carefully pulling the battery off. Work your way around without lifting the black piece up too much.

Repair Step 7: Once the battery is free from the frame adhesive, the black and red battery wires. Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.2mm screws with a Y00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: This step will ruin the water-proof seal. Wedge the metal spudger in between the back cover and the frame along the seam. Use force to pry the back cover away from the main watch frame. This step requires a lot of force. You can use a Jimmy in place of a metal spudger to make the process easier.

Repair Step 1: Remove 4 4.5mm Phillips head screws from back side of watch using PH00 Phillips head.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back plate of watch.

Repair Step 3: Unclip 5 latches from motherboard using a plastic spudger.

Repair Step 4: Remove the 2 3.0mm screws from motherboard using PH00 Phillips head.

Repair Step 5: Carefully remove motherboard & internal screen.

Repair Step 6: Remove from the motherboard the connector with the four cables. Pull the cables upward and the motherboard downward as shown in the picture.

Repair Step 7: Carefully remove the battery from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Detach the screen.

Repair Step 2: Unscrew the mainboard (2x Torx)

Repair Step 3: Replace (and re-solder) the battery.

Repair Step 4: Replace the screen if necessary.

Repair Step 5: Reassemble and re-glue after testing the device.

Teardown Step 1: A quick comparison of the Series 5 with yesteryear's edition tells us ... very little actually. We'll need to put our spudgers to work mining for differences. To start with, here are the details we know: LTPO OLED Retina display with Force Touch, optimized for always-on functionality Custom-designed Apple 64-bit dual-core S5 SiP (System in Package) Heart rate sensor and ECG Comes in GPS-only or with optional LTE and brings a compass and ground elevation Water resistance to a depth of 50 meters

Teardown Step 2: The model number doesn't lie: '''A2157''' tells us it really is a new Apple Watch. Although the usual heat-and-slice action opens up the display, this model was clam-shelled shut a bit tighter than we expected. The Force Touch gasket connector sits in its corner behind the display cables, where it moved with the last iteration.

Teardown Step 3: Disconnecting the power requires first extracting the glued-down battery, which we know how to do (although we reserve the right to make a grumpy face as we do it). This year’s energy source is labeled A2181 and provides 1.129 Wh (296 mAh at 3.814 V). That amounts to a very slight 1.44% improvement over last year's . It's clear that battery improvements didn't drive the switch to the 18-hour always-on display—that technology is being enabled by something else.

Teardown Step 4: '''Teardown Update''': We cut into the smaller 40 mm Apple Watch Series 5, and found a surprising new battery design with a 10% capacity boost. We can only speculate as to why the 44 mm watch didn't get this upgrade, but you can

Teardown Step 5: The new LTPO display on the Series 5 (left) doesn’t seem to physically look all that different from last year's Series 4 display (right)—which also used LTPO technology. But Apple has been busily tinkering under the hood. there's at least a new display driver and power management IC in there somewhere to enable the always-on feature. Without a significantly bigger battery, this watch stays awake by sipping power more efficiently. The LTE antenna connector occupies its usual spot, but a change in form factor prevents these displays from ever working interchangeably. The resolution and dimensions are still the same: 368 × 448 pixels on the 44 mm version covering 977 sq mm.

Teardown Step 6: After carefully the Taptic Engine away from an antenna connector, we can have a closer look for comparison. Again, they look superficially very similar—but at the very least the connectors have been re-engineered, so we know the parts won't be compatible with last year's models.

Teardown Step 7: With enough screws removed, the rest of the watch drops out the bottom, more or less as we remember from the Series 4: We leave the digital crown, microphone, and side button clinging to the frame ... ... whereas the heart rate sensor, ECG components, and charging coil escape with the bottom plate. We'll focus the rest of our attention on what's between: the S5.

Teardown Step 8: Out comes this ticker’s brain, the all-new——S5 system-in-package. Although it benefits from a new compass and double the onboard storage—32 GB, up from 16—most of the integrated circuits remain entombed under a solid layer of resin, out of our reach. Of the few , here's what we can make out: Skyworks 229-15 465371 1918 MX, most likely front-end module 16 CJ YY NCJ 7NE (likely the acceleration + gyro sensor) API 924 920 Looking at the attached display flex cables and laying them over those of the Series 4 for comparison, we can see that the plug in the middle gained 4 pins and the one on the bottom gained 2. Without knowing their function, this closes the door on interchangeability.

Teardown Step 9: That's as far as we go. Although this year's always-on display is a huge leap forward in functionality, it's masked by surprisingly subtle changes in the underlying physical components. Same basic construction, similar-looking components, and same amazing engineering in a mildly-annoying-to-open package. Plus a wild new battery design that only benefits the smaller version of the watch, for now. What does it all mean in terms of repairability?

Teardown Step 10: The Apple Watch Series 5 earns a '''6 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Screen replacements are difficult but do-able—it's the first thing to come off, and detaches via ZIF connectors. Battery replacements are pretty straightforward, once you're inside. Still a lot of incredibly tiny tri-point screws are used throughout the watch. Several component flex cables are mounted directly to the S5 package, requiring skilled microsoldering to replace.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the watch: Press and hold the top button for >3 sec. Tap "Power off".

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 3.5 mm-long T3 Torx screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Place the point of a spudger in the small hole on the side of the rear case. Use the spudger to push the rear case away from the housing to create a small gap. Use steady force to separate the two parts. Steady the rear case with a finger to avoid it suddenly popping open and damaging the flex cable. Don’t open the rear case all the way just yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a thin flex cable.

Repair Step 5: Flip the rear case assembly open towards the buttons to access the interconnect flex cable connector.

Repair Step 6: Remove the 2.5 mm-long Phillips screw securing the interconnect cable bracket. When re-assembling you might need a pair of pointy [product|IF145-020-5|angled tweezers] to position the screw since they are non-ferrous and therefore don’t stick to the magnetic bit.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezers to slide the interconnect cable bracket down and left to unlatch it. Remove the interconnect cable bracket. For reassembly make sure to slide the bracket into place from bottom left towards top right to engage the small latch.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and unplug the interconnect cable. Remove the rear case assembly.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew all four black 3 mm Phillips screws on the underside of the watch using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use an X-Acto knife to cut the band above, on either side, and in between the 2 screws. '''Note''': Part of the band is hard plastic. '''Caution''': Once the band is cut it cannot be reattached.

Repair Step 3: Scrape away the glue beneath the hard shell portion of the band to reveal the GPS.

Repair Step 4: Use a PH000 screw head to undo the newly revealed 4 mm Phillips screws that were hidden beneath the glue.

Repair Step 1: We recommend that you clean your microwave before proceeding, as any nasty gunk on the bottom may end up stuck to the iOpener. Place the iOpener in the center of the microwave. For carousel microwaves: Make sure the plate spins freely. If your iOpener gets stuck, it may overheat and burn.

Repair Step 2: Heat the iOpener for ***thirty seconds***. Depending on the wattage of your microwave, more or less time may be required. The iOpener is sufficiently heated when it's barely too hot to touch. Throughout the repair procedure, as the iOpener cools, reheat it in the microwave for an additional thirty seconds at a time. Be careful not to overheat the iOpener during the repair. Overheating may cause the iOpener to burst. Do not attempt to heat over 100˚C (212˚F). Never touch the iOpener if it appears swollen. If the iOpener is still too hot in the middle to touch, continue using it while waiting for it to cool down some more before reheating. A properly heated iOpener should stay warm for up to 10 minutes.

Repair Step 3: Remove the iOpener from the microwave, holding it by one of the two flat ends to avoid the hot center. The iOpener will be very hot, so be careful when handling it. Use an oven mitt if necessary.

Repair Step 4: If you don't have a microwave, follow this step to heat your iOpener in boiling water. Fill a pot or pan with enough water to fully submerge an iOpener. Heat the water to a boil. ***Turn off the heat.*** Place an iOpener into the hot water for 2-3 minutes. Make sure the iOpener is fully submerged in the water. Use tongs to extract the heated iOpener from the hot water. Thoroughly dry the iOpener with a towel. The iOpener will be very hot, so be careful to hold it only by the end tabs. Your iOpener is ready for use! If you need to reheat the iOpener, heat the water to a boil, turn off the heat, and place the iOpener in the water for 2-3 minutes.

Repair Step 5: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 6: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 7: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 8: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 9: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 10: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 11: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 12: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 13: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 14: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 15: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 16: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 17: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 18: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 19: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 20: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 21: Fold the screen up and over to the right, to expose the cables underneath.

Repair Step 22: The display and digitizer cable connectors are secured beneath a small metal bracket that is adhered to the speaker. Use a plastic opening tool to flip the bracket toward the display and up from the speaker. If you simply pry toward the watch band you may tear the cables.

Repair Step 23: Steady the bracket from the left side using your fingers or [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. At the same time, insert a small (1 mm) flathead screwdriver under the tiny tab on the right. Finally, place one finger behind the tab, and pinch the bracket ''hard'' between your finger and the screwdriver to detach the cover. This releases two slotted tabs that hold the cover to the bracket, and should free the cover. Prying the cover off can be challenging and may take more than one attempt. Be patient, and take care not to pull on the bracket or tear the attached cables.

Repair Step 24: Grab the cover with your tweezers and slide it toward the top of the watch to free the final slotted tab, and remove the cover.

Repair Step 25: Carefully pry up to disconnect the display data and digitizer cables. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity. Remove the display.

Repair Step 1: Using a narrow object like a paperclip, push the pins located in the watch band in the direction of the arrow indicated on the watch. Completely pull out the pins. It isn't necessary to remove the watch band before replacing other parts of the watch, but it may make removal of other elements of the watch more accessible and clear. When replacing the charging port cover, only take out the pin that is closest to the charging port cover.

Repair Step 2: To remove the watch band, pull each end of the watch band away from the watch frame.

Repair Step 3: Take off the charging port cover.

Repair Step 1: Identify the screws near the bases of two wrist straps.

Repair Step 2: Hold one screwdriver firmly in one hand, as demonstrated in the image.

Repair Step 3: Secure the watch in the same hand, positioning the screwdriver over the screw.

Repair Step 4: Once the watch is secure, insert the screwdriver into the screw, and hold firmly.

Repair Step 5: With the watch and the first screwdriver secure, insert the second screwdriver into the opposite screw. Holding the first screwdriver firmly, unscrew using the second screwdriver.

Repair Step 6: Remove the bar from the wrist strap to release. Depending on which side the bar is inserted, you may end up loosening the screw instead of the bar. Keep this in mind to avoid losing your screws.

Repair Step 7: Repeat this process for the other side, adjusting the position of the watch accordingly.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding it to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the crown button flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch. During reassembly, make sure none of the flex cables become trapped underneath the motherbaord.

Repair Step 11: The battery is held in place with light adhesive. Place the flat end of a spudger in the small gap between the plastic frame and the battery, opposite to the display cable. Carefully lever the battery up and out of its recess. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a thermal event. Don't try to remove the battery completely yet, as its connector is still adhered to the core assembly.

Repair Step 12: Lift the battery up a little in order to access its glued down connector cable. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020-4|blunt tweezers] to lift up the battery connector which is secured with some light adhesive. You will most likely be able to re-use the adhesive to fix the new battery in place. If not, replace it with [guide|113604|double sided or pre-cut adhesive tape|new_window=true]. Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Use a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the '''four''' 4.0 mm screws on the back of the device. Be sure your device is turned off.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to separate the display housing from from the device. To ensure you don't damage your device, insert the opening tool and slide it the entire length of the gap on both sides of the device.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry back the metal flap on top of the connector. Locate the two 2.0 mm black screws and unscrew using a Phillips PH00 bit. The connector will detach from the device.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Slide the spring bar pin out of the wristband. Repeat this step for the other wristband.

Teardown Step 1: We could very well be witnessing the birth of the smartwatch revolution. Google has unleashed not one, not two, but three smartwatches onto the battlefield. We have before us the Gear Live of those three fabled smartwatches. The official tech specs: 1.63” Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 320 x 320 pixels (278 ppi) 1.2 GHz processor 300 mAh Battery (rated at max 1 day of usage) 4 GB internal flash storage with 512 MB RAM Digital compass, accelerometer, gyroscope, heart rate monitor Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy

Teardown Step 2: Taking a page out of the "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" book, the new Gear Live looks eerily similar to the [guide|23990|Samsung Gear 2] we took apart back in April. This will warrant more than a few comparisons between the two—after all, you don't want to buy the wrong smartwatch, arewerite? If your smartwatch was ever arrested, would you be able to identify it out of a police lineup of smartwatches? Left to right we have the [guide|23990|Samsung Gear 2], [guide|24029|Samsung Gear Fit], [guide|27037|LG G Watch], and Samsung Gear Live.

Teardown Step 3: The bands come off in a snap. It's the same design ''geared'' towards replaceability as found in the [guide|23990|Gear 2|stepid=61466]. A neat little pull lever disengages one of the holding pins, allowing the band to roam free from the watch. The back of the smartwatch houses the heart rate monitor and reveals the : SM-R382.

Teardown Step 4: Off come the Torx T5 screws found on the back of the Gear Live — the same type and size as in the [guide|27037|LG G Watch]. Coincidence? We think so.

Teardown Step 6: Screws removed, all you need to gain entry is a plastic opening tool to work around the perimeter—just like the [guide|23990|Gear 2|stepid=61467]. The Gear Live pops apart into two pieces — the front display assembly where all the magic happens, and the rear cover where the power lies.

Teardown Step 7: First off, let's take a peek at the Gear Live's battery. We use a spudger to pry the lightly-adhered battery contact pad from its roost in the rear cover, and then use some sweet [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to pull the powerhouse out of the rear panel. The battery inscription says "1.14 Wh." According to mathemagics and a 300 mAh battery, we conclude this watch runs on a fairly standard 3.8 V design.

Teardown Step 8: Next goes the power button ribbon cable. It was holding on like a champ for a while, but eventually our tweezers overtook it. Hey, what's this? A Bluetooth / ''Wi-Fi'' antenna? This thing isn't supposed to have Wi-Fi! We don't know if Samsung is hiding anything for the future, but we are quite adept at reading cable inscriptions. Also notable is the liquid damage indicator. So although this device is "," we don't necessarily recommend going into a pool with it.

Teardown Step 9: Next we focus our attention on the vibrator assembly. We definitely know this is the right vibrator inside, since the assembly also contains the Gear Live's SM-R382 model number. This is also a limited-release vibrator motor — #449 of fifty billion produced.* (*Our estimate based on no real knowledge of actual manufacturing numbers.)

Teardown Step 10: Next order of beeswax: we disconnect the display cable in order to get our hands on the motherboard. The board comes out after a gentle nudge from our trusty tweezers. The wee motherboard bears an even wee-er daughterboard layered right on top, where we find the power input connectors and the tiny biometric (heart rate) sensor.

Teardown Step 11: With a bit of patient spudgering, the boards are disengaged—leaving the motherboard stripped and primed for some primo IC analysis: Maxim Integrated [link|] Low-Voltage Input, 3V/3.3V/5V/ Adjustable Output, Step-Up DC-DC Converter Broadcom Bluetooth 4.0 / 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi / FM Receiver STMicroelectronics ARM-Cortex M4 MCU with 128KB Flash Samsung KMF5X0005A-A210 512 MB DRAM package with the Qualcomm APQ8026 System on Chip layered beneath Qualcomm PM8226 power management IC InvenSense 9-axis Gyro + Accelerometer + Compass InvenSense ICS-43430 microphone

Teardown Step 12: Happily, we're not yet done tweezing, because this little thermal pad needs some tweezing. Did we mention that "tweezing" is both useful and fun to say? Beneath the thermal pad, a Cypress Semiconductor CYTMA545 touchscreen controller blinks its eyes under the bright lights of the teardown table. Would that the display itself could also be tweezed. Sadly, it seems to be glued into the metal chassis.

Teardown Step 13: Samsung Gear Live Repairability Score: '''8 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) The band detaches readily, and more or less like a regular watch band—making replacements a simple, worry-free affair. Despite the water-resistant construction, opening the case is no big deal. Bring your T5 driver and pry tools, but don't expect a fight. The battery is readily accessed and replaced—with a friendly "Pull" tab to cheer you along. Several small adhered-in flexible PCBs will present a challenge during repairs. The fused display assembly, glued right into the chassis, makes screen replacement a dubious and costly proposition.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 4: Use a heatgun to loosen the adhesive beneath the screen, it should take a 5-10 minutes for adhesive to loosen. Handle the watch with care to avoid burning yourself after it has been heated. Review the [guide|151116|How to Use a Heat Gun to Soften Adhesive|new_window=true] guide.

Repair Step 5: Wedge a thin opening tool or your iFixit Jimmy in between the seam where the screen and the watch’s housing connect. Pry the screen off the device. There is a cable underneath the screen that needs to be disconnected - be careful not to rip it. Work quickly so the adhesive doesn’t cool too much.

Repair Step 6: Carefully disconnect both cables from the motherboard by placing the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 8: Carefully peel off the ribbon tape that is holding down the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Place the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and pry the connector straight up from its socket to disconnect the battery from the motherboard. Do this carefully to avoid ripping the cable.

Repair Step 10: Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 3.2 mm screw on the motherboard. Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 4.8 mm screw on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Pull the battery cable up to dislodge the motherboard. Gently remove the motherboard from the socket. The motherboard may get caught under the housing due to the clips on the edge.

Repair Step 12: Use the pointed tip of a spudger to carefully push on each side of the battery connector to disconnect the battery from the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to pry the battery from the case. Be careful not to damage any surrounding components. There is an adhesive holding the battery down. Use an [guide|11677|iOpener|new_window=true] if it is too difficult to remove the battery with the spudger alone.

Repair Step 1: Turn off your device by holding down the side button until the slider appears. Tap the Power button at the top right hand corner. Slide the Power Off slider to the right.

Repair Step 2: Lay your Apple Watch face down on a soft, clean surface to avoid scratching the screen.

Repair Step 3: Hold down one of the release buttons on the back of the device, and slide out its corresponding band at the same time. This may take some effort. If the band does not slide out, press down the release button again and make sure to hold it down.

Repair Step 4: Repeat Step 3 with the other side of the band.

Repair Step 5: Gently wipe any residue off of the back of the watch using a gentle towel, cotton swab, or cotton ball. Do not use any abrasive chemicals.

Repair Step 6: Take the new watch band and make sure the side of the band with metal connectors is facing the watch, and the correct orientation is followed.

Repair Step 7: Gently slide the new band into the slot. It will click into place when it is properly secured. Repeat on the other side.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over and orient it such that the buckle is away from you and the back panel is revealed. Maintain this orientation to follow the guide.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four base screws using a size 2 TORX screwdriver to separate the back plate from the frame.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the ribbon cable on the left side of the motherboard by using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger and apply pressure to the white plastic wall to the right of the motherboard. Use this to lever the electronics out of the frame. The clips have small lips that you can put the spudger under to get more leverage. Using any of the metal to pry out the electronics may damage some of the wiring. It is crucial to only press on the plastic.

Repair Step 5: Remove the right side ribbon cable by pulling it off with your fingers.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger tool to poke out the exposed motherboard section as seen in the photo. As always be careful when disconnecting the cables or batteries.

Repair Step 7: Put a nylon spudger underneath the battery's press-fit connector and lift up to free the ribbon cable and motherboard. As always be careful when disconnecting the cables or batteries.

Repair Step 8: Grip the battery with your fingers and remove it from the plastic.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 4: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 6: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 7: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 8: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 9: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 10: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 11: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 13: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 14: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 15: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 16: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 17: Fold the screen up and over to the right, to expose the cables underneath.

Repair Step 18: The display and digitizer cable connectors are secured beneath a small metal bracket that is adhered to the speaker. Use a plastic opening tool to flip the bracket toward the display and up from the speaker. If you simply pry toward the watch band you may tear the cables.

Repair Step 19: Steady the bracket from the left side using your fingers or [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. At the same time, insert a small (1 mm) flathead screwdriver under the tiny tab on the right. Finally, place one finger behind the tab, and pinch the bracket ''hard'' between your finger and the screwdriver to detach the cover. This releases two slotted tabs that hold the cover to the bracket, and should free the cover. Prying the cover off can be challenging and may take more than one attempt. Be patient, and take care not to pull on the bracket or tear the attached cables.

Repair Step 20: Grab the cover with your tweezers and slide it toward the top of the watch to free the final slotted tab, and remove the cover.

Repair Step 21: Carefully pry up to disconnect the display data and digitizer cables. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity. Remove the display.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over so that the face is down. Using a Y#0 screwdriver, unscrew the four 3.5 millimeter tri-head screws. Remember to turn off the watch to avoid being shocked.

Repair Step 2: Using your finger, push forward on the release while pulling up on the strap. You may find it helpful to use the flat end of a spudger to push on the release instead of your finger.

Repair Step 3: Repeat the procedure from step 2 for the other strap.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wrist strap by peeling back the rubber starting from one corner of the watch face. Continue peeling the rubber away from the watch face until the strap is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Starting from an edge, wedge a metal spudger in between the screen and the chrome trim ring and pry, lifting the screen outwards. Some force is needed due to adhesive seal.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the plastic motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 4: Locate the ribbon assembly attaching the display to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to detach the glass screen/ LED Display ribbon connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Now the watch should be in three separate pieces.

Repair Step 7: Locate the speaker in the upper left corner of the housing. Locate the speaker ribbon connector directly below the speaker.

Repair Step 8: Use the plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the speaker's ribbon connector.

Repair Step 9: Use the spudger to gently pry upwards on the speaker housing. Note: The speaker housing is attached with adhesive, therefore, some force is required.

Repair Step 1: Remove the six T5 Torx 6.32mm screws securing the back cover to the watch.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back cover carefully. Even after the screws have been removed, the back cover can still be quite difficult to take off. Moderate to extensive prying may be required. Be gentle, but ''firm''.

Repair Step 3: Remove the orange gasket.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch upside down on a hard surface so that its back case is facing upright. Use a T4 Torx Star screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm Torx screws from the corners of the back case.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to pry open the back case from both sides of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 4: With a plastic opening tool, disconnect the four connectors on the top of the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove three 3.0 mm Phillips screws on the edges of the motherboard with a Phillips #000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 6: Grasp the edges of the motherboard and slide it slightly towards the right to remove it from its case.

Repair Step 7: Use a plastic opening tool to pry the battery out of the device. You may need to use a stronger prying force due to the adhesive that secures the battery to the case.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the screen to the back until you get enough space to pry out the battery. Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44mm version of the Apple Watch Series 4. However if you own the 40mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The adhesive which holds the battery in place is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Mind the display cables and especially the Force Touch cable which covers the battery in one corner so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery and bring it in a 75° angle. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black sticker off the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 4: Use a heatgun to loosen the adhesive beneath the screen, it should take a 5-10 minutes for adhesive to loosen. Handle the watch with care to avoid burning yourself after it has been heated. Review the [guide|151116|How to Use a Heat Gun to Soften Adhesive|new_window=true] guide.

Repair Step 5: Wedge a thin opening tool or your iFixit Jimmy in between the seam where the screen and the watch’s housing connect. Pry the screen off the device. There is a cable underneath the screen that needs to be disconnected - be careful not to rip it. Work quickly so the adhesive doesn’t cool too much.

Repair Step 6: Carefully disconnect both cables from the motherboard by placing the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 8: Carefully peel off the ribbon tape that is holding down the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Place the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and pry the connector straight up from its socket to disconnect the battery from the motherboard. Do this carefully to avoid ripping the cable.

Repair Step 10: Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 3.2 mm screw on the motherboard. Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 4.8 mm screw on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Pull the battery cable up to dislodge the motherboard. Gently remove the motherboard from the socket. The motherboard may get caught under the housing due to the clips on the edge.

Repair Step 12: Use the pointed tip of a spudger to carefully push on each side of the battery connector to disconnect the battery from the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to pry the battery from the case. Be careful not to damage any surrounding components. There is an adhesive holding the battery down. Use an [guide|11677|iOpener|new_window=true] if it is too difficult to remove the battery with the spudger alone.

Repair Step 14: From here, the only remaining part should be the housing unit itself. Swap out the old watch's housing for a new replacment.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 4: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the microphone opening at the top edge of the back cover. Pry upwards to loosen the back cover assembly. This may require some force. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the daughterboard. Swing the back cover assembly open by 45 degrees to gain access to the sensor assembly cable.

Repair Step 5: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 6: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the microphone cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the three 4.1 mm-long screws securing the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Insert the point of a spudger between the right edge of the core assembly and the watch frame. Pry upwards to loosen the core assembly. Don't try to remove the core assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the screen.

Repair Step 10: Carefully swing open the core assembly like the front cover of a book. Avoid straining or tearing the display cables at the bottom of the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to disconnect the screen and the digitizer cables by prying the connectors straight up from their sockets.

Repair Step 12: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to disconnect the interconnect cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the daughterboard.

Repair Step 15: The battery is held in place by mild adhesive. Insert the flat end of a spudger between the bottom edge of the battery and the midframe. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Pry upwards to loosen the battery. If you're struggling to pry up the battery, place [link| heated iOpener] onto the motherboard to loosen the adhesive underneath. Don't apply the iOpener directly onto the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 16: Carefully fold the battery over to gain access to the battery cable connector. Avoid straining or tearing the battery cable.

Repair Step 17: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 18: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. [guide|113604|Secure the new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place.

Repair Step 19: Use a spudger to disconnect the interconnect cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. Remove the interconnect cable.

Repair Step 20: Insert the point of a spudger between the midframe and the motherboard. Pry upwards to loosen the motherboard.

Repair Step 21: Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display assembly, the microphone and pressure sensor array, and side button.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw holding the motherboard in place.

Repair Step 9: Use an opening pick to loosen the motherboard from the core assembly. The plastic tab holding the motherboard in place is fragile, so don't lift the motherboard up until it has cleared the tab.

Repair Step 10: Slide the motherboard out from under the plastic tab to remove it.

Repair Step 11: Insert the flat end of a spudger between the bottom of the battery and the core frame. The battery is secured with some mild adhesive. Use the spudger to lever up the battery.

Repair Step 12: Remove the battery from the core assembly. The battery connector is fixed with mild adhesive. When installing a new battery make sure the tiny hole on the battery connector aligns with the pin on the core frame.

Repair Step 1: Set the watch face down on a flat surface. Place the heated [guide|11677|iOpener] on the face of the rear cover to loosen the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 3: Gently slide the blue opening pick between the rear cover and the metal casing. The rear cover is extremely fragile. Be very delicate when using the opening pick. Work your way entirely around the rear cover. It may take several attempts of reheating the adhesive to get the rear cover loose enough to pull off.

Repair Step 4: Once the adhesive has been successfully loosened, gently pull the rear cover off.

Repair Step 5: To get to the O-Ring, use the Jimmy to gently pry off the rear housing.

Repair Step 6: Pinch the green rubber O-Ring and slide it off of the watch. The O-Ring is delicate and is easily severed. Use care around sharp objects.

Repair Step 7: Set the Moto 360 face up on a flat surface. Place the [guide|11677|iOpener] on the face of the device screen.

Repair Step 8: Gently slide the opening pick between the screen and the metal casing. Work your way around the face of the screen, loosening the adhesive.

Repair Step 9: Detach the copper ribbon connecting the motherboard to the display. For reassembly, attach copper ribbon where it is marked. The copper ribbon is fragile and easily disconnects. Remember where it goes so as to reconnect it properly.

Repair Step 10: Slide the display out of the metal casing.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. Try not to slice near the watch crown to prevent damaging the display cables. If you must slice near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 10: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the rear side of the watch to loosen the battery adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes.

Repair Step 11: From this point, the battery removal procedure for the 40 mm watch differs slightly from the 44 mm version. If you're replacing the battery for a 40 mm watch, continue with [guide|137587|this step|stepid=286360]. If you're replacing the battery for a 44 mm watch, continue with [guide|137587|this step|stepid=275039].

Repair Step 12: The following four steps show how to remove the battery from a '''40 mm''' Apple Watch Series 6. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 13: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch case, but avoid straining the cable when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess.

Repair Step 14: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector.

Repair Step 15: Remove the battery. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you're reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high concentration isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 16: The following four steps show how to remove the battery from a '''44 mm''' Apple Watch Series 6. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 17: The battery flex cable is long enough to place the battery outside the watch case during the following procedure but avoid straining it when lifting the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift the battery out of its recess and place it outside the watch case opposite to the Taptic Engine.

Repair Step 18: Remove the single 1.2 mm-long tri point Y000 screw.

Repair Step 19: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal shield covering the battery connector.

Repair Step 20: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector.

Repair Step 21: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high concentration isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 22: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel the black protective tape off both display connectors.

Repair Step 23: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up the lock bars on both ZIF connectors securing the display cables.

Repair Step 24: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully peel off the edges of the sticker which adheres the display and the grounding cable to the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 25: Use a pair of tweezers to pull both display cables out of the ZIF connectors. Do not pull on the watch assembly, or you may rip the display cable.

Repair Step 26: Separate the watch assembly and the screen.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four Tri-point #00 screws (4.2 mm length) on the backside of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Use an opening tool to get between the back cover and the metal housing of the watch. Carefully pry the plastic back cover open. Don't remove the back cover yet. There is a flex cable running to the core assembly inside.

Repair Step 3: Lay down the watch and lift the back cover to access the sensor connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. When closing the watch make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged or replace it with a new one.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Lift the core unit out of the housing. The core's plastic frame sits tight inside the housing. Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap of the core's plastic frame.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the Huawei Watch 3.

Repair Step 3: Locate the small notch at the top of the back cover. Use a Jimmy to pry open the back cover by twisting it. Using a sharp metal tool might cause cosmetic damage to the watch case. Covering the tool with a nitril glove can minimize the damage. Don’t remove the back cover just yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Insert the tip of an opening pick between the back cover and the case. Slide the opening pick around the back cover to loosen the gasket from the back cover.

Repair Step 5: There is a ribbon cable running from the back cover to the motherboard. Use an opening pick or your fingers to carefully lift the back cover open. Flip the back cover open away from the crown. You can prop up the back cover to minimize the stress on the ribbon cable.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the battery bracket.

Repair Step 7: User a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the top of the battery bracket free from its screw socket. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 8: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector. The battery connector is the smallest of the three connectors.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the sensor bracket.

Repair Step 10: User a pair of tweezers to move the top of the sensor bracket free from a small latch near the case by rotating in inwards. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 11: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor connector. Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 12: Use the tip of a spudger to disconnect the home button cable.

Repair Step 13: Insert the tip of an opening pick between the battery and the plastic frame opposite to the cables. Use the opening pick to lift the battery up. The battery is held down by mild adhesive.

Repair Step 14: Grab the battery with your fingers and remove it. For reassembly you may need to apply some adhesive to the new battery if it does not come equipped with it.

Repair Step 15: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect both display cables.

Repair Step 16: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the four 2.9 mm-long screws securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 17: Grab the motherboard with your fingers and lift it out of the case. If you opted not to remove the battery, use the flat end of a spudger to lift the motherboard out of the case.

Repair Step 1: Locate the front LCD screen on your device. Fitbit logo should appear in the bottom center of the screen.

Repair Step 2: Push the screen out through the back of the metal ring enclosure. Use a small amount of force on screen to prevent damage. Use other hand to catch screen.

Repair Step 3: Locate the metal pin behind the wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into the blue rectangle enclosure. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 4: Locate the pin behind the second wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into opposite direction. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 5: Place device screen face down and locate the four screws attaching the back cover. Use a T3 torx head or T3 torx screwdriver to remove the four screws.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back, lift and open like a book to expose the motherboard. Locate the ribbon connector on the left. Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbon connected from the heart rate monitor to the motherboard. Insert and lift the plastic opening tool to release the ribbon. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 7: Separate the back and set aside, locate the three screws attaching the motherboard. Use a PH000 head or a PH000 screwdriver to remove the three screws.

Repair Step 8: Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbons connected to the motherboard. Insert the tool under the ribbon and lift to release the connection. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 9: Lift and push the motherboard to the side to uncover the 167mAh battery. Use a plastic spudger tool to pry out the battery from its adhesive plastic underneath. Lift up and pull downward to remove battery. Switch to the top portion of the battery and push downward to pry out battery.

Repair Step 10: Flip the motherboard back to the front to locate the metal pins from the vibration motor soldered to the board. Desolder the connection to remove the motor component. Follow this guide on how to solder and desolder connectors Excessive heat will damage the components, so do not apply the soldering iron to the component for long amounts of time.

Repair Step 1: Lightly heat device with hair dryer for 15 seconds to soften adhesive.

Repair Step 2: After heating adhesive, firmly pry apart the two halves.

Repair Step 3: Remove polymer cover that is protecting the mother board, it should just come out when two halves are separated.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger or plastic opening tool to assist the removal of the motherboard. Pry up on two tabs and the mother board will pop out.

Repair Step 5: This shows the mother board and battery out and exposed.

Repair Step 6: You must remove the solder from two wires from the motherboard that are connected to the battery.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge.

Repair Step 9: Continue sliding your pick along the top edge and around the top right corner, ***stopping just after the digital crown***. Don't slide your pick past the digital crown—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 10: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 12: Use a tri‑point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm‑long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 13: Use tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket. During reassembly, make sure the longer section of the bracket goes over the battery press connector.

Repair Step 14: Use the point of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery [guide|25629|press connector|stepid=70308|new_window=true].

Repair Step 15: Heating the battery will soften the strong adhesive securing it, making the battery easier to remove. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the battery for two minutes to soften the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the battery.

Repair Step 16: Be careful not to puncture or bend the battery—it can leak dangerous chemicals and catch fire. Insert an opening pick between the bottom edge of the battery and frame. Pry up the battery with the opening pick until it starts to separate from the frame. This requires time and constant pressure. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. Slide the pick farther under the battery and lift until all the adhesive is separated.

Repair Step 17: Remove the battery from the frame. To install a new battery: Use a spudger and tweezers to remove all the old adhesive from the battery recess. If your replacement battery doesn't have adhesive pre-installed, put strips of [product|IF317-072-6|thin, double-sided tape|new_window=true] on the logic board (***not*** directly on the battery) where the old adhesive was. Reconnect the battery cable [guide|25629|press connector|stepid=70308|new_window=true] to its socket on the motherboard. Remove any liners from the battery adhesive or double-sided tape. Firmly press the battery into place to secure it with the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Use a Tri-point Y00 driver to unfasten the four screws on the back of the watch. Don’t worry about removing the screws, they will stay in place in the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a wider gap. Don't fully remove the back cover just yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 3: Lay the watch face down. Carefully lift the back cover up from the edge with the buttons to access the sensor connector. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket (marked red) is undamaged. If damaged replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: The core's plastic frame fits tightly within the watch's metal housing. Place the corner of the flat end of a spudger in the small opening of the barometric sensor, on the opposite side of the display connector. Twist and tilt the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing.

Repair Step 7: Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap on the core's plastic frame. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: Use a plastic opening tool to scrape adhesive off the back of the screen.

Repair Step 2: You may be able to peel up the adhesive with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Once you have all of the pieces of adhesive removed, you may want to use an alcohol soaked q-tip to clean any residue off the back of the screen.

Repair Step 3: Use tweezers to peel the outer ring off of one of the adhesive strip pads. Be sure to get both the double-sided adhesive and the brown backing paper. If you're having trouble navigating the double-sided adhesive, check out [link| video]. Be very careful not to fold, bend, or stretch the adhesive tape, as this will make it too thick to seal the screen without a ridge between the screen and the case.

Repair Step 4: Lay the backed adhesive tape down on the Force Touch sensor, around the edge of the case where the screen rests. Start in a corner with the tape as close to the corner wall as possible. Press on the brown backing paper with a plastic opening tool to secure the adhesive around the entire perimeter.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to reconnect the display data and digitizer cable connectors. Be careful not to touch any of the contacts directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity.

Repair Step 6: To reinstall the metal bracket, line up the single tab with the slot in the top of the lower half, and slide the bracket down. Snap the upper bracket in place.

Repair Step 7: Line the battery connector up with its mate on the cable inside the watch body. Use tweezers to press the two connectors together.

Repair Step 8: If your replacement battery came with pre-installed adhesive, peel off the protective tab now, exposing the adhesive. Rotate the battery down into its slot, and press it into position. Press the battery down against the S1 to re-adhere it in place. Now is the best time to test powering on your watch—if it doesn't turn on, double check all three connectors and try again.

Repair Step 9: Use tweezers to peel off the adhesive backing strip. Peel the backing strip up halfway, then snip it with scissors so you can peel the rest off without it snagging on the display.

Repair Step 10: Move the screen back to the right, folding the display data and digitizer cables neatly. Center the screen over the case and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use [link| vice clamps] around the perimeter of your device to set the new adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Locate the rectangular metal connector that attaches the camera to the Gear. Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently lift and detach the metal plate of the connector. When reassembling the Gear, reattach the camera connector by carefully aligning the metal plate and its pins to its original placement. Make sure it snaps in place to avoid improper connections and possible damage.

Repair Step 5: Use tweezers to carefully lift the camera from its slot out of the case.

Repair Step 6: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to grab and then gently lift up the metal plate of the safety belt. When removing the metal plate, be sure to remove them carefully as to not rip the orange tape that is attached to them. During reassembly, be sure to line up the pins of the metal plate in order to reattach correctly.

Repair Step 7: Once the safety belt is removed, use tweezers to take the motherboard out of the Gear 2.

Repair Step 8: Insert the spudger into the small opening underneath the black home button assembly and pry it off the casing. Lift up to detach the black assembly. Be sure not to rip the orange tape that keeps the home button assembly attached to the device.

Repair Step 9: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to grab the orange connector that is attached to side the home button assembly and lift to remove it from its adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Using two spudgers, place the pointed tips at each end of the U-shaped snap ring located under where the home button assembly was. Remove the snap ring by pushing down with both pointed objects on each side of the ring simultaneously, it should pop off. Be careful not to lose the snap ring because it can be lost easily. To replace the snap ring, rest it above the home button peg using tweezers so the open side rests on the peg. Then use the flat end of the spudger and push firmly down on the snap ring to snap it back onto the peg as shown in the last picture.

Repair Step 11: Use either the tweezers or the spudger to push the button peg out through the hole.

Repair Step 1: With opening picks we start to open the watch by lifting up the display bottom from left (about seven o'clock) in counterclockwise direction. In the left side there is a flexband that has to be disconnected.

Repair Step 2: Three screws are removed.

Repair Step 3: down on the left, a Flexband is carefully folded up and loosened. Below it, another screw is visible. Remove this screw.

Repair Step 4: Then the board can be removed carefully. If you look closely at the keys, you can see that the defective key no longer carries rubber dabs. With a needle, the smallest drops of superglue are dripped into place of the missing rubber.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 6.35 mm Torx T5 screws securing the backing of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Pull the backing off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Pull the battery wires out from the motherboard slowly.

Repair Step 4: Unscrew one 4 mm philips screw that attaches the motherboard using a PH000 screwdriver. Lift the motherboard out of the watch.

Repair Step 5: Push button in and pinch silver clip with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Pull silver clip off the pin it is on. Pull out button and replace.

Repair Step 1: Use a T6 screwdriver to remove the five 1.7 mm screws from the watch face.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the face off the watch base. Do not yank the face. A ribbon connector connects the face and the motherboard, and yanking could result in damage to the motherboard or ribbon.

Repair Step 3: Use a spudger to lift up and free the screen ribbon cable's press-fit connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Set the watch face aside.

Repair Step 1: In this guide, the wrist band of the Polar V800 is removed for a clear view of the back panel. If you find it helpful, you may want to remove the wrist strap. Please reference the guide for removal instructions if you wish to do so. Ensure your Polar V800 sports watch is powered off before continuing. Remove the eight, 7.4 millimeter-long screws on the back of the watch with a T5 head-type, torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Gently separate the watch housing from the back panel. The watch should come apart easily after removing the screws. If you experience difficulties separating the housing and and back cover, use a spudger to gently pry apart the back panel and the button and screen protector housing.

Repair Step 3: The waterproofing seal is the red, elastic band that surrounds the display of the watch. Remove the waterproofing seal. During reassembly, align the red seal in the groove surrounding the glass screen on the main watch housing to ensure a watertight seal.

Repair Step 4: Place a T5 torque screwdriver in the upper right and lower left diagonal 4mm screws that hold the white plastic down and rotate the screwdriver to the left, removing the screws.

Repair Step 5: Lift the display from the board from the top side of the watch, revealing the display connectors underneath.

Repair Step 6: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently pull the display wiring out of the two connectors that attach the display to the motherboard. If the wiring isn't coming out very easily, try wiggling it as you pull it out.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch. During reassembly, make sure none of the flex cables become trapped underneath the motherbaord.

Repair Step 9: and apply it to the display for two minutes to loosen the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding the back cover to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the flex cable of the crown buttons.

Repair Step 9: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch.

Teardown Step 1: Turn off the watch and remove the wrist band before proceeding. Unscrew the four indicated screws. Don't try to remove the back plate yet since there are ribbon cables still attached to it.

Teardown Step 2: Unscrew the four screws holding the screen on. To avoid damaging the screen ribbon cables, carefully lift the screen off the body and angle it slightly to the left to expose the ribbon cables.

Teardown Step 3: Detach the indicated ribbon cables which connect to the screen. A plastic spudger may make this step easier and help prevent damage. The screen should now be completely detached from the body. Lift the screen completely away from the body and set it aside with the ribbon cables facing up.

Teardown Step 4: Remove the final ribbon cable from the circuit board. Unscrew the four indicated screws.

Teardown Step 5: Use a spudger to lift up the circuit board from the bottom until it loosens from the body. Use the thin end of a spudger to lift up the back of the indicated connector until it comes free. The connector pivots at the tip so it's necessary to lift it from the back. The connector may require some force before it comes free. Tilting the circuit board to apply pressure may be helpful here. Be careful not to damage the wires leading to the connector. The circuit board should now be completely detach from the body. Set it aside.

Teardown Step 6: Unscrew the retaining clip for the speaker. Remove the retaining clip. [product|IF145-020|Tweezers] may be helpful here.

Teardown Step 7: Use a spudger to pry the speaker free of the body. Brace your fingers on the back of the lugs and use your thumbs to press down on the battery until the back plate comes free. The back plate may require some force to remove since there is some adhesive stuck to it.

Teardown Step 9: Before re-installing the back plate, re-install the back plate gasket. It's possible for the gasket to stick to the back plate during the removal of the back plate. If this occurs, remove the gasket from the back plate. Locate the groove on the bottom of the watch body and press the gasket into it. The gasket and groove are not symmetrical so be sure to orient the gasket correctly.

Teardown Step 10: If the screen assembly gasket came loose during removal of the assembly, press it back into the groove on the underside of the screen assembly.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.2mm screws with a Y00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: This step will ruin the water-proof seal. Wedge the metal spudger in between the back cover and the frame along the seam. Use force to pry the back cover away from the main watch frame. This step requires a lot of force. You can use a Jimmy in place of a metal spudger to make the process easier.

Repair Step 4: Detach the three connectors on the motherboard using your fingernail. The connectors are easy to pop off. Minimal force is necessary.

Repair Step 5: Separate the motherboard and front screen assembly using a spudger.

Repair Step 6: Using a JIS #00 screwdriver, remove the two 4.5 mm screws.

Repair Step 7: Disconnect the battery ribbon cable from bracket. Be careful with the battery ribbon cable and motherboard cable (located on the side opposite the battery cable, highlighted with the orange box), as they are very easy to break (ours did when disassembling). Note how the end of the ribbon cable seats in the plastic chassis. Look for the plastic pin on the chassis when re-seating during re-assembly. Separate the chassis from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Separate the battery from the motherboard. The battery and the motherboard are secured with adhesive; some force is needed. Lithium-ion batteries are potentially dangerous. Handle with extreme care and do not puncture the battery.

Repair Step 9: When reassembling, place the battery into the plastic assembly first. Don’t stick it to the adhesive first. This way, it’s easy to position the battery cable. When securing the battery cable, make sure the hole that the peg goes through is round. The hole on your replacement battery’s cable could be malformed. You may want to widen the hole before securing the cable. To widen the hole, use the Pro Tech Toolkit’s SIM tool, a small paperclip or similar fine-tipped tool. The tool can also be used to gently press the battery cable into the correct position. Do this carefully to avoid damage. Follow steps 8-1 in reverse order to reassmble.

Repair Step 1: Remove the six T5 Torx 6.32mm screws securing the back cover to the watch.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back cover carefully. Even after the screws have been removed, the back cover can still be quite difficult to take off. Moderate to extensive prying may be required. Be gentle, but ''firm''.

Repair Step 3: Remove the orange gasket.

Repair Step 4: Remove the screen and motherboard assembly from the case.

Repair Step 5: Use a metal spudger to remove the golden retaining clip from the screen. There will be some adhesive to break.

Repair Step 6: Remove the screen from the golden metal clip.

Repair Step 7: Unhinge the black retaining hinge by prying it open with the metal spudger; Your fingernails will work as well.

Repair Step 8: Remove the connector from the motherboard by pulling it free at the base. Make sure to pull from the base of the connector wire, as it is very easy to rip the wire from the screen.

Repair Step 9: Remove the screen from the motherboard. Notice our tape retaining the connector to the screen. This is so easy to rip!

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch on a hard surface with the screen facing down. Unscrew the four 7.0 mm screws located at each corner using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Pry the old battery out using a plastic spudger.

Repair Step 3: Unscrew the two T4 6 mm screws located on both sides of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lift the motherboard up using a plastic spudger. Ribbon cables are still attached underneath—be careful when prying the motherboard up.

Repair Step 5: Flip the ZIF connectors using a plastic spudger tool. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Remove gold piece in the corner using the pointed side of the 4 spudger. Any spudger with a pointed end should work to remove this piece.

Repair Step 7: Pry the screen up with a plastic opening tool. Any plastic tool with a flat edge should work to remove the screen. Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew all four black 3 mm Phillips screws on the underside of the watch using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use an X-Acto knife to cut the band above, on either side, and in between the 2 screws. '''Note''': Part of the band is hard plastic. '''Caution''': The band cannot be reattached once it is cut.

Repair Step 3: Scrape away the glue beneath the hard shell portion of the band to reveal the GPS.

Repair Step 4: Use a PH000 screw head to undo the newly revealed silver 4 mm Phillips screws that were hidden beneath the glue.

Repair Step 5: Using a metal spudger, push down on the plastic gray square clamps on the underside of the device to dislodge the whole silver backing. Note: the buttons will also come off.

Repair Step 6: Use a pick or small flathead to remove the 4 metal clamps holding device together. Use a thin tool to pry the the device apart by lodging it between the clock face and back side of the device. '''Note''': a spudger may not be thin enough to fit in the seam of the device. We used the 6 inch metal ruler from the Pro Tech Toolkit. Go slowly and carefully disconnect two cables before fully opening.

Repair Step 7: Gently remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Carve away *almost* all of the rubber of the straps. (Leave the rubber surrounding the battery/heart rate clasp end.)

Repair Step 2: Partly dissassemble the battery clasp end: pry up the silver clasp face that is taped down, unscrew the four T3 Torx , remove that cover, remove the battery

Repair Step 3: Remove the plastic 'sandwiching' the ribbon as it travels into the clasp end, with a Dremel or knife. (Picture 2 illustrates the removed plastic.)

Repair Step 4: Sand the ribbon to expose the conductors on both sides. Be careful to keep the insulator in between the two conductors intact, so they don't short. The second picture shows a 10x image of the layers of copper and insulator.

Repair Step 5: Wrap the repaired break with insulating tape. Sand away outer insulator on both sides to make soldering locations for jumper strips.

Repair Step 6: Use Sugru to wrap/stabilize the repair and integrate it into the clasp end's rubber.

Repair Step 7: Drill two holes into clasp-end plastic tabs, and two holes on each side of watch face's 'shoulders', as anchor points for thread to fasten strap leather. (Hole locations are the black dots on the gold metal near the silver casing.)

Repair Step 8: Build new leather straps; fasten using thread through holes & glue.

Repair Step 1: Locate the spring latch components on the back of the watch strap.

Repair Step 2: Insert the metal spudger tool into the outer edge of the latch component. Hold the watch securely and press the spring latch component towards you with the metal spudger tool.

Repair Step 3: Remove the strap from the watch. Repeat all steps on the opposite strap.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, turn off your watch and take it off the charger. Remove the watch band by pressing the band release button and sliding the band over the button while pulling it away from the watch. Repeat for the other watch band.

Repair Step 2: [link| an iOpener] and apply it to the screen for about two minutes to soften the adhesive securing the screen. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 3: The thin seam between the frame and screen requires a thin metal tool—take your time and work carefully to avoid scraping or gouging the watch body or glass. Insert an [link|] into the thin gap between the screen and frame, left of the digital crown.

Repair Step 4: When slicing the screen adhesive, insert the iFlex no deeper than 3 mm to prevent damaging internal components. Slide the iFlex around the entire perimeter of the watch to slice all of the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 5: Remove the iFlex and reinsert it under the screen, to the right of the speaker grille. Twist the iFlex to pry the screen up. Don't try to fully remove the screen just yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 6: Be careful not to strain the screen assembly cable when you open the display. Swing the screen open to an upright position. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 1: Squeeze retaining pins together to release chain from watch body. This can be done by hand or with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Remove chain from opposing side of watch body.

Repair Step 2: Use tweezers to grip the notches on the back cover, then unscrew the back cover (counter-clockwise) from the watch housing. There is an actual tool made to remove this back cover, using the right tool may save you from scratching the back of watch with tweezers. The backcover tool can be purchased online, a local jeweler may also be willing to remove it for you.

Repair Step 3: Utilize tweezers or a spudger or your fingers to pull the black wire connector from the motherboard. Utilize a spudger to pull the orange connector off of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Utilize tweezers to pull the white battery connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The internal electronics can now be pulled out of the watch as one unit leaving the screen remaining in the watch housing. Taking the flat end of the spudger, pry it up.

Repair Step 6: The battery is secured to the back of the motherboard utilizing a sticky pad. Gently separate the battery from the board while making sure not to put too much stress on the board. This is best done at the location shown.

Repair Step 7: Remove battery from plastic housing. Slip wires through large slot in plastic housing to completely remove.

Repair Step 8: Using your finger remove the metal hooks from the black electronic housing.

Repair Step 1: Use a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the '''four''' 4.0 mm screws on the back of the device. Be sure your device is turned off.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to separate the display housing from from the device. To ensure you don't damage your device, insert the opening tool and slide it the entire length of the gap on both sides of the device.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry back the metal flap on top of the connector. Locate the two 2.0 mm black screws and unscrew using a Phillips PH00 bit. The connector will detach from the device.

Repair Step 4: On the display, use a plastic opening tool to lift up the two ribbon cables the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The motherboard is attached to the display using an adhesive Using a heat gun, heat up the display for 4 to 5 minutes, making sure the move the heat gun around to distribute the heat around the display. This heats up the adhesive making the motherboard easier to remove

Repair Step 6: Using a plastic opening tool, carefully insert the opening tool in between the bezel and the motherboard and slide it the entire length of the logic board. Slowly pry up the motherboard from the display.

Repair Step 7: The display assembly is now separated and can be replaced

Teardown Step 1: Opening the shell is the hardest part here, and it's difficult to separate them. I've used jimmy and hot air gun to soften and slice trought the adhesive. Note the very fragile '''OLED screen''' and the '''ribbon of the touch screen'''.

Teardown Step 2: After cracking the shell you have access to the touch screen ribbon and the OLED screen. Use a spudger to unclip the Hearth rate and the touch screen sensor ribbon

Teardown Step 3: Unscrew two Philips PH00 screws at the bottom and use the spudger to lift it up. Next remove the mainboard with the battery. Battery isn't glued to the chassis so it's easy to lift up.

Teardown Step 4: Use spudger to lift the orange clip at the bottom and take out the ribbon with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Next to pty up the screen use the haliberd spudger to cut trough the adhesive under the OLED.

Teardown Step 5: Use Jimmy to pry up the hearth rate sensor and gently remove the vibration motor using tweezers.

Teardown Step 6: To remove the battey you need soldering iron the - terminal of the battery is marked on the mainboard

Teardown Step 7: Dialog 14683 Main chip 25LQ32 32 Mbit flash Azoteq OLED controller

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 3.5mm screws using a T5 screwdriver to open the faceplate.

Repair Step 2: Remove the two 1.8mm silver screws using the PH00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Slide the spudger under the gold-plated connection ribbon and lift to disconnect from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Pull up on the motherboard using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to detach it from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 1: In order to remove the faceplate you must start by placing the watch screen upwards.

Repair Step 2: Use iFixit’s opening tool, another similar tool, or simply use your fingernail to gently pry open the faceplate away from the screen starting from an edge. You may hear a popping sound, but this is normal.

Repair Step 3: Once successful, pull the remaining faceplate off from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the the loudspeaker opening at the bottom edge of your watch. When prying up the back cover put a finger on top or the edge of it and hold it down. Too much force during the prying procedure may lead to popping off the back cover too quickly and tearing the rear panel assembly cable. The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use a spudger to pry up the rear panel of your Huawei watch GT 3. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the daughterboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing the rear panel assembly open to an upward position. To avoid straining the rear panel assembly cable during following repair steps you can [link| it against an object of your choice|new_window=true].

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black tape off the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 6: Remove the singe 2.2 mm-long Phillips screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket. The connector bracket is secured with a small metal hook next to the screw recess. This hook sits very tight und you might need to bend it a little to the side to remove the bracket.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the rear panel assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. Remove the rear panel assembly.

Repair Step 9: Remove the singe 2.2 mm-long Phillips screw securing the daughterboard.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to disconnect the motherboard flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the daughterboard.

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the display connector bracket.

Repair Step 13: Remove the three 2.2 mm-long Phillips screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 14: Use a spudger to disconnect the display and digitizer cables by prying the connectors straight up from their sockets.

Repair Step 15: Use a spudger to disconnect the watch button cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of tweezers to lift the mother board out of the watch frame and remove it.

Teardown Step 1: One of this gadget's most innovative features is that, at any moment, you can look at your wrist and know the exact time. Phenomenal. Other tech specs include: 1.63" Super AMOLED display (320x320 pixels) 4 GB internal memory 2.0 MP camera with 720p video at 30 fps 300 mAh battery (2-3 day battery life) Bluetooth 4.0 LE For fun, we removed the band and weighed this little timepiece: 41 grams (less than 33% the weight of a Rolex Daytona—in the tech world, we're pretty sure that makes it three times better).

Teardown Step 2: Once upon a time, smartwatches were only for superspies and . Despite all the tech underneath, the Gear 2's only visible gadget is its 2-megapixel camera, nicely nested into the brushed metal surface. Samsung's 1st-gen Galaxy Gear housed its camera in the wristband—a less-than-ideal setup that made for a less-than-replaceable band. This new location is a good sign. The main issue we see with this design is that having a camera constantly facing away from your body makes nearly impossible. Is this a fatal flaw of the Gear 2? It's a bold strategy, Samsung; we'll see if it pays off for 'em.

Teardown Step 3: Our Gear 2 may not be spy-issue, as it still exhibits identifiable markings: Model No. SM-R380. The backside bears a row of contacts for the cradle charger, as well as a teeny tiny sensor. More on that later in the show. Before we even begin searching for a way into this quintessential smartwatch, a quartet of quaint Torx screws catches our quizzical eye. Screws are good news. Glue makes us blue. Could this device be a repair enthusiast's Xanadu?

Teardown Step 4: Ejecting removable wristband in 3…2…1… Free at last! A replaceable wrist strap is a right, not a privilege. We're glad to have the opportunity . A band is likely to break up—er, show some wear and tear over time. It is nice to know that no matter how much time has passed, this Gear can always .

Teardown Step 5: Here it is—the moment of truth is upon us. Will this device truly be smart, wearable, ''and'' repairable? Oh my ! We cannot believe it! Just look how beautiful that [product|IF145-123-2|opening pick|new_window=true] is. If that doesn't make you want to smash a 20 minute air guitar solo, ''we don't know what will!'' Side note: the Gear 2 came apart extremely easily. A small Torx driver and a bit of light prying split this watch in half with ease. "No cables, no problems," that's what we say. The halves communicate solely via spring contacts. Never before has a device been so repairable that it comes pre-loaded with markup.

Teardown Step 6: The battery springs willingly from its seat, with help from an instructional pull tab. The Gear 2 is slowly winning us over with this repairability business. Samsung, you may continue wooing us. Samsung claims the 300 mAh battery is good for 2-3 days of normal ~~spying~~ use. Charge cycles are a huge factor in Lithium ion battery health, so a multi-day charge makes us happy to see. The would like the equipment returned with a full charge, please.

Teardown Step 7: This watch makes us feel a little like a certain … Let's take a closer look at some components. ''Go, go, gadget speaker! '' Out goes the music/speakerphone speaker, simply secured with light foam tape. The repairability of this device impresses us more than .

Teardown Step 8: Gasket lining the case: check. Gaskets around the screws: check. This modest arrangement is enough to garner the Gear 2 its certification, making it safe for immersion in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. Underwater teardowns are not yet an approved part of the iFixit repairability scoring process. Stay ~~tuna'd~~ tuned.

Teardown Step 9: This little spy cam will come out with ease, . Congrats! It's a 2.0 megapixel camera, capable of catching stills and 720p video at 30 frames per second. We don't know much else, except that All this, and

Teardown Step 10: The LCD and digitizer connect to the motherboard via a single cable, which also serves to hold the board in, like a cute little seatbelt. With the connector out of the way, the board is free to roam, with all of its efficiently-packed peripherals strapped in for the ride. A few non-modular components are soldered to the board: IR LED (for TV remote functionality), heartrate monitor, and vibrator motor.

Teardown Step 11: Small package, lotta power: Samsung KMF5X0005M (likely DRAM package with 1 GHz dual-core CPU layered beneath) Motorola MPS14X 60X5V3 1410WeC Maxim Integrated [link|] Low-Voltage Input, 3V/3.3V/5V/ Adjustable Output, Step-Up DC-DC Converter STMicroelectronics ARM-Cortex M4 MCU with 128KB Flash 0225E8 E225B4 BCD Semiconductor audio codec InvenSense MP65M 6-axis gyroscope / accelerometer

Teardown Step 12: We can't help pushing the buttons of manufacturers—and Samsung is no different. We tweeze off the home button assembly, followed by its good, old-fashioned mechanical button. We've reached the end of time. All that remains is the fused back of the display assembly. While we're sad to see this (relatively) large component fused, we're happy to know that a spiderwebbed display would be reasonably fixable by simply replacing the entire display assembly. The teeny tiny touchscreen is powered by a touch sensor chip.

Teardown Step 13: Samsung Gear 2 Repairability Score: '''8 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) The watch band is super easy to remove, speeding replacements and upgrades. Screws, clips, and spring contacts make up the trifecta of easy opening. Getting in through the rear case is a snap. Once you're inside, the battery can be peeled out and replaced with no tools. A fused display assembly, glued into the front of the device, makes screen replacement a little difficult and costly.

Repair Step 1: To remove the Gear 2 Neo's watch band, start by locating the small metal levers on either end of the band. Using your finger, push downward on the lever to release the band locking mechanism. Note: If you have especially short fingernails, it may be easier to use a spudger to depress the levers. Continue to hold the lever down and pull the end of the band away from the watch to completely detach it. Repeat this process for the other side of the band to fully release it.

Repair Step 2: Start by removing the four Torx T5 Security Screws from the back panel of the Watch Assembly.

Repair Step 3: Once the four Torx screws have been removed from the Watch Assembly, using a spudger, gently pry the front and back halves of the watch away from each other. This is best accomplished by placing the head of the spudger in the space between the two halves and rotating the head until the two halves split apart. Be careful not to let the spudger slip into the casing too far; doing so could damage the internal components. Once the two halves have separated simply lift the back half up and away from the front half to complete this step. There are no cables connecting the front and back halves of the watch together; there is no need to worry about pulling any cables or connectors out in this step.

Repair Step 4: Once separated, the front half of the device is easily distinguished from the back by the blue mainboard. Take a moment to familiarize yourself with the important components presented in this half of the device before continuing. AMOLED display connector Heart Rate Sensor Front button assembly Infrared Blaster Be aware that the small red rings seated on the four screw mounting points form part of the seal that prevents moisture from entering the main assembly. Be careful to replace these if they fall off during the repair process or the Gear 2 Neo will become dramatically less water resistant.

Repair Step 5: Using a pair of precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently grip and disconnect the AMOLED display connector from the mainboard.

Repair Step 6: The mainboard is secured in place by a shaped snap-fit plastic bracket. Simply apply pressure under the mainboard using a spudger to free it. Once the mainboard is released from the bracket, use a pair of precision tweezers to remove the mainboard completely. The mainboard is an ESD sensitive device and should be handled with care to avoid static discharge. It is recommend you use an [product|IF145-071|anti-static wrist strap] when handling this component.

Repair Step 7: The AMOLED display is secured to the front watch assembly with adhesive in two different ways; one being an adhesive ring around the edge, and two being a small adhesive application between the display and front watch assembly. In order to free the display, use a spudger to gently apply pressure to the back of the AMOLED panel until the top half the the display separates from the front panel. Do not attempt to force the display all the way off of the front assembly in this step. Doing so will likely flex the AMOLED display enough to shatter it. The adhesive application on the backside of the display must first be removed. Once the top half of the display has been separated from the front panel, use a spudger to clear the adhesive from the underside of the display. When the underside of the display has been cleared of adhesive, continue to apply pressure with the spudger until the display comes free of the front watch assembly. Be sure to leave the adhesive ring in place once the display has been removed; it is critical for installing the new AMOLED display.

Repair Step 8: With the AMOLED display removed, the device is now ready for the replacement. When installing the new screen, be sure to feed the display cable back through the hole provided for reconnection to the mainboard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding it to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the crown button flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch. During reassembly, make sure none of the flex cables become trapped underneath the motherbaord.

Repair Step 11: Place the corner of the flat end of a spudger [link| the small opening|new_window=true] of the barometric sensor, on the opposite side of the display connector. Twist and tilt the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing.

Repair Step 12: Thread the display flex cable through the opening in the core assembly.

Repair Step 13: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: At one of the corners, push the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] in between the metal casing and screen cover. Use the tweezers to wedge the two pieces apart. Repeat on all four corners. This step requires a large amount of force. Using a razor blade to slide along the length of the screen cover/metal casing may help. Once the screen is removed, the Fitbit should look like the third image.

Repair Step 2: The screen is partially attached to the motherboard with adhesive, so gently slide the tweezers underneath the entire screen to detach it, then lift it up. The screen is made out of thin glass, so make sure not to be too rough. After this step, the screen should still be connected to the motherboard through a small black hinge. This piece should NOT be removed/cut.

Repair Step 3: Once the screen is lifted, the motherboard will be exposed. Remove the center screw holding the motherboard in place with the T2 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 4: The motherboard is held in place by two small hooks. With the screen opening to the left, use your finger to gently press down and slide the motherboard to the right. Once free from the clips, lift the board up. The motherboard is still attached to the casing by some wires, so make sure not to pull it completely out.

Repair Step 5: Once the motherboard is lifted, you will use the tweezers to detach the old battery (located in the bottom left) from the casing. Note that the clear yellow section is a part of the battery. The battery is held into the casing with adhesive, so it will need to be lifted away in the same fashion that the screen was lifted away in step 2. Once the battery is removed, lift the motherboard and attached components completely out of the casing.

Repair Step 6: A soldering iron must be used to melt the solder connecting the battery to the motherboard. A guide of how to solder can be found here: Cut the wires of the new battery to an appropriate length and strip the ends of the wire casing with the razor to expose the wire. Solder the new battery to the motherboard. Be sure to connect the correct wires to the correct points on the motherboard, or else device will not work.

Repair Step 7: Repeat steps 3-5 in reverse order. The screen may have reattached itself, preventing you from completing step three (securing the motherboard). If so, repeat step 2 and then proceed to step 3. You will need to lightly press down on the motherboard while screwing it in, or it will not make contact. To reattach the screen, line it up to the metal outline and gently press it down. You may want to clean the screen with a cloth to remove any dust or fingerprints before proceeding to the next step.

Repair Step 8: Replace the screen cover, making sure to match the gold plate on the cover to the gold hook located on the right upperhand corner of the motherboard. This step requires a bit of force, so be sure to use both hands to balance your force evenly across the screen cover, or else you will risk cracking it.

Repair Step 9: Plug your Fitbit into its charger to turn it back on and charge up the new battery, if needed.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the Tri-point screw securing the metal battery connector cover. Remove the cover.

Repair Step 9: Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up with the edge of a pry tool. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: Use the tip of a pry tool to disconnect the Force Touch gasket by prying it straight up from the outside edge. The connector you unplug actually leads to the motherboard. The socket underneath that connector lies on the Force Touch gasket itself.

Repair Step 11: Lift up the connector plate of the Force Touch gasket. Slide your [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or a pry tool underneath the gasket to separate the glue underneath. Separate the glue all around the perimeter of the watch ***except*** the edge where the display cables lie, to avoid ripping them by accident.

Repair Step 12: Carefully pull the Force Touch gasket over and around the display. If the display is already detached because you're replacing it, it's easier to leave the new display disconnected for now. Connect the display after the Force Touch gasket is replaced (five steps down). Flip the display almost shut so that you can safely peel the Force Touch gasket from the remaining edge. Remove the Force Touch gasket.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully remove the protective liner from the bottom of your new Force Touch gasket, exposing the adhesive underneath. Make sure the gasket is oriented with the connector pins facing away from you, or you'll remove the liner from the wrong side.

Repair Step 20: Use a pair of tweezers to gently remove the protective film on top of the Force Touch gasket.

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Grab the watch once it is separated from the wristband.

Repair Step 4: Flip over the watch and remove the four 3.0 mm Torx head screws with a T4 Torx head screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two 3.0 mm Torx screws from the front. Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws. The two 3.0 mm Torx screws are painted blue at the end. These screws have screw holders around them that will also need to be removed. Unscrew the screws from the front of the watch casing and the screw holders fall out from the back of the watch casing.

Repair Step 6: Gently pull the back panel away from the front panel. Do not to pull too fast or too hard. There are red and black wires connected to the vibrator component that should not be ripped.

Repair Step 7: Gently wiggle the black box vibrator component away from the back panel with your fingers or a Spudger tool. Be gentle with the red and black wires. You do not want them to rip or pop out. The vibrator component is the small black box with the silver metal part at end. The black box is glued down, so it will take a little force to free it and it will be sticky.

Repair Step 8: Now lift the smaller square of copper off the Front Panel. Use the bent, metal precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] and slide it under the smaller square of copper lining then gently lift it up. You will need to be gentle and pull the copper slowly so that it does not rip.

Repair Step 9: Use the bent, metal precision tweezers to remove the thin copper piece from large square silver piece in the Front Casing. You will need to be gentle and pull the copper slowly so that it does not rip.

Repair Step 10: Remove the two 2.0 mm Torx Head screws with the T5 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 11: Use your fingers to gently pull the whole green motherboard out of the Front Casing. If you have trouble using your fingers, then use the black Spudger tool.

Repair Step 12: Grab the screen attached to the green motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Using the pointed end of the black Spudger tool, gently pry the motherboard away from the screen. The motherboard and screen are very fragile, but the motherboard should pop right off. Once you have the motherboard partially pried off, use your fingers to gently pop it out of the clear, plastic clips holding it in place. Continue to pull the motherboard away from the screen to fully expose the white backing of the screen.

Repair Step 14: Once the white backing of the screen is exposed, carefully flip the two pieces, the motherboard and the screen, over while they are still connected. Look for the small metal piece attached to the motherboard that is wrapped around the front of the screen. Gently slide the screen under and back to free it from the metal piece.

Repair Step 15: Once free from the Front Casing and the motherboard, you are ready to replace the screen.

Repair Step 1: Inside your Fitbit Charge HR

Repair Step 2: You'll need some plastic bits to separate the band, plus a torx T3 driver, new battery and a soldering iron.

Repair Step 3: This repair only works on the Fitbit Charge HR model, not the older Charge without heart rate. The batteries are different.

Repair Step 4: Start by removing the 4 torx screws

Repair Step 5: The assembly is briskly snapped into place. You'll need to separate the sides of the housing with a small plastic tool and your finger nail (or two plastics). Be careful, as the housing can fracture with too much force.

Repair Step 6: Once removed, there are 2 torx screws holding the circuit board in place. Remove these, and carefully pry the board out

Repair Step 7: The Fitbit is very light and hard to hold, so it is recommended to tape the board in place when soldering.

Repair Step 8: Note: You can permanently damage your device. Be careful with the assembly, and splice one or both wires before removing the old battery to prevent a short. Do not mistake the round buzzer for a battery. It is not !

Repair Step 9: After replacing the bad battery, plug in the charger for at least 20 minutes. Then remove the charger to confirm you have a working replacement.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 4: Place the tip of an iFlex along the edge opposite the Digital Crown and position it in the seam between the screen and the frame. Press the iFlex firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. The gap between the screen and the frame is very small, and it makes inserting the iFlex difficult. Don't force the iFlex in, or you risk damaging the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again.

Repair Step 5: Use the iFlex to pry up the screen. The adhesive requires time and constant force to loosen—it probably won't loosen from the initial pry. Reheat the screen and keep applying constant force until the adhesive loosens.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick in the gap you created between the screen and the frame. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and stop just before the Digital Crown.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick into the seam at the top left corner of the watch. Slide the pick along the Action button edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and along the bottom edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and stop before you reach the side button.

Repair Step 12: Insert the opening pick between the screen and frame at the opposite edge of the Digital Crown. Pry up the screen until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the screen all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Be careful not to strain the screen cable when you swing open the screen. Lift the screen up and carefully pull it towards the Digital Crown. Swing the screen open to an upward position.

Repair Step 14: Use a Y000 driver to remove the two 2.3 mm‑long screws securing the metal connector bracket at the bottom edge of the watch.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the bottom connector bracket.

Repair Step 16: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector towards the battery. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 17: Use a Y000 driver to remove the 2.9 mm‑long screw securing the battery. Use a Y000 driver to unscrew the 2.1 mm‑long screw that's sandwiched between the metal bracket.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the bracket with the screw sandwiched between it. Although the screw sits nicely in the bracket, it’s not captive and can fall out.

Repair Step 19: Use an opening pick to lift up the battery. Remove the battery from the case. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 20: Use a Y000 screwdriver to remove the two 1 mm‑long screws securing the display cable bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the display cable bracket.

Repair Step 22: Use the point of a spudger to pry and disconnect the display cable from its socket. To re-attach [guide|25629|press connectors|stepid=70308|new_window=true] like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 23: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: To avoid burning your hands, make sure to hold only the thin edges of the iOpener. Heat the iOpener. Instructions on how to do this can be found here: [guide|11677|iOpener Instructions] Firmly press the frame of the band against the iOpener, and hold it in place for about 90 seconds. When using the iOpener, make sure to wrap it partially around the sides.

Repair Step 2: Using a spudger, lightly press upwards against one corner of the frame, then the other along the corner of the short edge. Alternating between the same two corners, continue pressing until there's about a 1-2 mm gap between that end of the frame and the body.

Repair Step 3: Do not pull the frame away too quickly. The screen may be stuck to the frame, and pulling on it could cause damage. If the screen is still attached, lightly push on the screen with a finger and it should pop out. Insert the spudger into the gap under the frame, and lightly slide it about 3/4 of the way down one of the long edges, then repeat with the other. If the frame doesn't simply pop off, try sliding the spudger the rest of the way down the long edges, and lightly lift the frame with your fingers. When re-assembling, make sure the frame's microphone hole is on the same side as the sensor board underneath.

Repair Step 4: Do not rip the yellow ribbon cable from the motherboard. Gently lift the LCD screen from the components using your fingertips.

Repair Step 5: Lightly pry up the black connector from the motherboard using a spudger. Pull the entire LCD screen gently upward to detach the yellow ribbon cable.

Repair Step 6: Handle the ribbon with care to prevent damage. Do not bend the ribbon unless specified. Using the spudger or the plastic opening tool, gently unhook the golden ribbon from the corner on the opposite side of the buttons. The part of the ribbon with the three boxes should then easily be detached from the band.

Repair Step 7: Using your fingers or [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently pull the band from away from the motherboard to detach the strip from the buttons.

Repair Step 1: Begin by flipping the watch over with its back facing upwards.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to unscrew the four 6.0 mm screws located in each corner of the watch to remove the backplate.

Repair Step 3: Gently lift the backplate up to remove it.

Repair Step 4: After removing the backplate, lift the master switch up from the circuit board.

Repair Step 5: Using a Phillips #00 screwdriver, remove the 0.6 mm screw.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the speaker from the case without disconnecting it from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully lift the bar holding the connection to the screen. Remove the motherboard from the device.

Repair Step 8: Carefully desolder the speaker from the board. Be careful to not desolder the battery cable.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch upside down on a hard surface so that its back case is facing upright. Use a T4 Torx Star screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm Torx screws from the corners of the back case.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to pry open the back case from both sides of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 4: With a plastic opening tool, disconnect the four connectors on the top of the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove three 3.0 mm Phillips screws on the edges of the motherboard with a Phillips #000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 6: Grasp the edges of the motherboard and slide it slightly towards the right to remove it from its case.

Repair Step 7: Use a plastic opening tool to pry the battery out of the device. You may need to use a stronger prying force due to the adhesive that secures the battery to the case.

Repair Step 8: Pry the battery housing from the top right corner using a spudger. Once loosened, remove the battery housing.

Repair Step 1: Push on the band in order to expose the pins Using ***[product|IF145-020|tweezers]***, remove the pins, one on each side, in order to only leave the face of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Using plastic opening tools, carefully pry open the back cover of the the watch. Use the little hatch on the bottom portion of the watch in order to easily pry open the watch

Repair Step 3: Using a PH000 screwdriver, remove the three screws in order to release the motherboard from the watch. Do not lose the three screws! Keep them somewhere you will remember! A magnetic mat can help with this. Using plastic opening tools, remove the four connectors attached to the motherboard

Repair Step 4: Using the plastic opening tools, carefully lift up the motherboard. IGNORE THIS STEP IF ONLY REMOVING MOTHERBOARD: Use the plastic opening tools to carefully remove the battery

Repair Step 5: And now you have your motherboard

Repair Step 1: Locate the small push tabs on the back of the wrist straps, pushing them in to release the wrist strap. Remove any casing or housing on the watch, and clean any dust/debris. ''(Black lines are used for privacy)''

Repair Step 2: Using a Tri-point screwdriver, unscrew the four (4) back screws. ''Note: The case screws may remain in their place.'' Using a metal jimmy, and a little bit of force, push down then lever it up to pop out the case.

Repair Step 3: Detatch the three (3) ribbons carefully with a plastic spudger. The ribbons to detach is black, yellow, & blue. You should feel a little click when re-attaching later. ''Note: These parts are very delicate so exercise caution!''

Repair Step 4: Remove two Phillips head screws circled in red before the next step Prying up from the corner with the red arrow, lift the motherboard and maneuver the ribbons out of the opening making sure not to tug or rip them.

Repair Step 5: Make sure to have the two Phillips head screws completely removed before attempting the following steps. Pressing on the small black plastic area will give you leverage to pull off the motherboard gently. Do '''NOT''' flip the motherboard without first detaching the battery's ribbon. The motherboard will still be connected by a ribbon. Only the battery's ribbon will be detached ''(Marked by the red arrow in the second photo).'' Using a flat tool to get underneath the ribbon will lift it up allowing you to flip the motherboard over. The original battery will most likely be attached to the motherboard. A spudger will be needed to detach the battery from the motherboard. ''Note: Use caution, gently inserting and lifting as it allows. Use of any sharp or pointed tools can rupture the battery and will cause it to burst.''

Repair Step 6: Insert the new battery and test for power. Remember to recycle your used batteries!

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive securing it.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and ***stop at the top of the side button***. Don't slide your pick past the side button—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wrist strap by peeling back the rubber starting from one corner of the watch face. Continue peeling the rubber away from the watch face until the strap is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Starting from an edge, wedge a metal spudger in between the screen and the chrome trim ring and pry, lifting the screen outwards. Some force is needed due to adhesive seal.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the plastic motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 4: Locate the ribbon assembly attaching the display to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to detach the glass screen/ LED Display ribbon connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Now the watch should be in three separate pieces.

Repair Step 7: Locate the tabs on the motherboard and unclasp them.

Repair Step 8: Use the spugder to gently pry upwards on the motherboard. If you keep the battery attached to the upper half of the motherboard, you will have to gently pry upwards on both the battery and the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Once the motherboard and the battery are removed, disconnect the battery at the connector.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to gently pry upward on the clasp connecting the battery to the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap you've created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge where the crown is located to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge farthest away from the crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown.

Repair Step 9: Reinsert the opening pick on the short edge of the watch, next to the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it in direction of the short edge farthest away from the crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 11: Carefully remove watch screen from current device Don't rush and take your time Disconnect 3 ribbon cables connected to screen

Repair Step 12: Use a heatgun to heat up chip as it is attached with adhesive. Use a Jimmy or razor blade to slowly lift chip Chip is held by adhesive and two tiny soldered points *Do not add too much heat as you might damage the screen. You just want enough to loosen adhesive.*

Repair Step 14: Get the NFC chip from your old screen and solder two 0.02mm jumper cables on each solder connection to its corresponding point. You do not need a lot of solder. Just enough to ensure a secure connection.

Repair Step 15: Reconnect ribbon cables from watch back to the screen and turn on your device. Test watch by using Apple Pay funciton **The watch I used was factory reset. If Apple Pay doesn't function try resetting your device and ensure solder connections are secure.**

Repair Step 16: Once you have ensured Apple Pay is functional, add a slight amount of green soldering resin on solder connections to ensure they are secure and don't make contact with other wire. Add some T-7000 adhesive to the area labeled, "light amount" which is where the old adhesive was and glue it back to Apple Watch Screen and wait until the adhesive has dried and the NFC chip stays in place.

Repair Step 17: Now that the NFC chip is secured, add T-7000 adhesive to the edges of the watch and reinstall the screen.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wrist strap by peeling back the rubber starting from one corner of the watch face. Continue peeling the rubber away from the watch face until the strap is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Starting from an edge, wedge a metal spudger in between the screen and the chrome trim ring and pry, lifting the screen outwards. Some force is needed due to adhesive seal.

Repair Step 3: Use a plastic opening tool to gently pry upwards on the plastic motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 4: Locate the ribbon assembly attaching the display to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Use a plastic opening tool to detach the glass screen/ LED Display ribbon connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Now the watch should be in three separate pieces.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Be aware that a sharp tool easily scratches your watch housing when not handled with care. To avoid undesired scratches, take your time and work carefully rather than hastily. Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 7 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the knife or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to slice the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to slice the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 8: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the tri-point screw securing the metal cover plate. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the cover plate. First open the plate all the way to unhinge the two flaps. Then close it halfway to remove it completely by lifting it out.

Repair Step 9: On the GPS-only version it is possible to disconnect the battery immediately. For the cellular/LTE version, you need to disconnect the Force Touch gasket and fold it out of the way first, in order to disconnect the battery. Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the edge of the battery and the case, on the side opposite the digital crown. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. If needed, you can also safely pry along the top edge of the battery, against the Taptic Engine. Mind the display cables so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged.

Repair Step 11: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. If needed, try re-using the existing adhesive to secure the battery. Alternatively, try a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as . '''If you're using an iFixit repair kit''', proceed to the guide linked in the conclusion below to install a new Force Touch sensor and re-seal your watch. Alternatively, if you are just replacing the adhesive and not the sensor, see the for applying new adhesive and then reassembling.

Repair Step 1: Wedge a plastic opening tool between band contacts.

Repair Step 2: Push in plastic opening tool until the components click and pop out of the holder. Repeat steps for other band.

Repair Step 3: Remove four 4mm screws using a PH000 screwdriver. Remove back plate.

Repair Step 4: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove elastomeric, or zebra, connector.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of the spudger to carefully lift the battery until adhesive seal is broken.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointy edge of the spudger tool to detach battery leads from the circuit board.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to loosen the gasket and create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch screen-side down. Carefully swing open the back cover at the gap you just created. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard by prying the [link| connector] straight up from its socket. During reassembly, this is a good point to turn on your device and test your repair before resealing it.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. During reassembly: Make sure the rubber gasket (marked in red) is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one to maintain water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the button flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the single 4.4 mm–long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch, clearing the two flex cables.

Repair Step 1: Set the watch face down on a flat surface. Place the heated [guide|11677|iOpener] on the face of the rear cover to loosen the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 3: Gently slide the blue opening pick between the rear cover and the metal casing. The rear cover is extremely fragile. Be very delicate when using the opening pick. Work your way entirely around the rear cover. It may take several attempts of reheating the adhesive to get the rear cover loose enough to pull off.

Repair Step 4: Once the adhesive has been successfully loosened, gently pull the rear cover off.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the four 3.9 mm-long Torx T3 screws. Depending on the condition of your driver, a Torx T4 bit may fit better. Don't try to detach the back cover yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 2: Be careful not to strain the sensor flex cable during this procedure. Carefully lift the back cover by the watch crown edge and swing it open to an upward position.

Repair Step 3: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 5: Remove the three 3.7 mm-long Phillips #00 screws.

Repair Step 6: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the notch at the upper end of the white plastic frame. Use your spudger as a lever and pry up the core assembly. Don't try to remove the core assembly all the way yet—it is still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 7: Carefully lift the loose edge of the core assembly up and swing it to a 100-degree angle. Be careful not to strain the display and sensor flex cables during this procedure.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the display flex cable from the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the screen to the back until you get enough space to pry out the battery. Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44mm version of the Apple Watch Series 4. However if you own the 40mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The adhesive which holds the battery in place is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Mind the display cables and especially the Force Touch cable which covers the battery in one corner so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery and bring it in a 75° angle. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black sticker off the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 15: The black foil which covers the display connectors is very fragile and likely to rip. To keep the tape intact while peeling it off, it's necessary to use high isopropyl alcohol or an iOpener. Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip and apply it to the black adhesive foil. Let it penetrate the adhesive for about two minutes. Alternatively you can place an on top of the screen to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener at least for two minutes.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel off the tape covering the three display cable connectors.

Repair Step 17: Use one arm of a pair of tweezers to carfully open the three ZIF connectors on the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of blunt nose tweezers to peel up the sides of the black foil which adheres the cable to the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 19: Lift the body of the watch up and carefully slide a spudger underneath the display flex cable to loosen remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 20: Carefully pull the display flex cables out of their ZIF connectors. Make sure to hold on to the display flex cable during this procedure and avoid pulling only on the body of the watch. Otherwise the display cable might rip. Separate the watch assembly and the screen.

Repair Step 21: The following steps describe how to apply replacement adhesive before reassembling your watch. Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip or use a to gently remove the leftover adhesive on top of the Force Touch gasket.

Repair Step 22: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove the replacement adhesive with the blue protective film from the backing paper.

Repair Step 23: Hold the replacement adhesive diagonally to thread it over the display cable. Position the replacement adhesive on top of the Force Touch gasket.

Repair Step 24: Use the pointed end of a spudger to make final position adjustments and press the adhesive into place.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over so it is face down.

Repair Step 2: Remove the straps by pressing the button adjacent to each side and sliding the band right out.

Repair Step 3: Clean the watch with a [product|IF145-284|microfiber cloth]. Make sure all smudges are removed at this point.

Repair Step 4: Put on Gloves. Using a polishing cloth, which is already soaked with polishing cream, rub one side of the watch back and forth. Repeat on each side of the watch. When using the polishing cloth, do '''NOT''' go directly over the microphone or the speaker. If the polishing cloth begins to turn black while you are wiping, do not be alarmed. The blackness is just layers of dirt coming off the watch.

Repair Step 5: Grab your microfiber cloth and go over the same area that you previously wiped until the residue is gone and you have restored the side to it’s previous mirror finish. Repeat on each side of the watch.

Repair Step 6: After the watch has been restored, slide the straps back into place (you will feel a click).

Teardown Step 1: Remove packaging to reveal box contents

Teardown Step 2: Use a heat gun, hair dryer, or heating pad to heat the back cover The device and area may be hot after heating process Wedge a spudger or other opening tool in the seem between the housing and back cover Pry open the back cover evenly around the edge of the seem until back cover can be removed

Teardown Step 3: Similar to the previous step, apply heat to the screen Use a spudger, opening tool, or guitar pick to separate the screen from the housing There may be glass shards if excessive force is used during prying Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the battery from the housing Do not squeeze or pierce the battery Use a Torx screwdriver to remove the center screw

Teardown Step 4: Use tweezer to remove the first bracket Move the battery and screen to the side to provide better visibility

Teardown Step 5: Use tweezers to remove the underlying bracket

Teardown Step 6: Using tweezers, gently remove the battery's connector from the PCB Lift the battery out of the assembly

Teardown Step 7: Locate the screen's connector on the PCB Using tweezers, gently remove the connector from the PCB

Teardown Step 8: Use tweezers to lift the haptic module connector from the PCB Remove the haptic module

Teardown Step 9: Use a Torx screwdriver to remove the two screws on the PCB Use tweezers to remove the PCB from the housing

Teardown Step 10: Yay you're done! Lay out all the components in true knolling fashion

Teardown Step 11: Look for cracks, and board bents, especially near to the mounting holes (near the haptic feedback unit). My wifes luxe first stopped measuring, later started shutting down itself. When opened it I've found the battery very expanded, which have pressed the board outside and have cracked it, possibly tearing traces in the internal layers.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 4: With the watch laying face-down, locate the four screws. They are located on the back of the watch, at the four corners.

Repair Step 5: Using a Torx-T5 screwdriver, remove each of the four 4mm screws and set them aside.

Repair Step 6: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the top edge of the watch’s back cover.

Repair Step 7: With the watch’s back cover pried loose, gently lift it away from the front half of the watch.

Repair Step 8: Lay both halves of the watch body assembly face down (with internal components facing up).

Repair Step 9: Locate the vibrator motor on the front half of the disassembled watch. It is located in the corner, at the end opposite the green circuit board.

Repair Step 10: Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry up the motor.

Repair Step 11: Using the plastic prying tool, gently pry away the motor’s contacts and ribbon cable from the watch assembly

Repair Step 1: First of all, test the screen. The touch, display, and Force Touch function well. Turn the watch off and pry the screen open with a Razor Blade slowly. Please pay attention to the screen flex cables to avoid damage. It can be seen that three flex cables are connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 2: Peel off the tape covering the display flex cables with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Please do not damage the flex cables while peeling off. Then disconnect the flex cables.

Repair Step 3: Next, we need to pry up the connector of the touch flex cable. Put the screen on the Heating Platform at 120℃ for 30 seconds. After heating, peel off the tape with tweezers and pry up the connector.

Repair Step 4: Then we use the Cutting Machine to cut the glass. We need to cut both sides of the glass to get the cutting wire in. Please be careful during the operation. We can see that a side of the glass has been cut off and the bottom has broken too. Then we cut the other side. Lastly, polish the corners. A point well mentioning is that the difficulty of replacement will be reduced if the glass is broken.

Repair Step 5: Tape the screen. Then put the screen on the Heating Platform and start the suction. Next, separate the glass with Cutting Wire. Pull the Cutting Wire slowly and the glass is successfully separated.

Repair Step 6: Then we remove the OCA adhesive with the Electric Adhesive Removing Tool and clean the OLED with N-hexane. Install the OLED to test. Since the touch panel has been separated, we only need to test the display function. The display function is normal. Clean the OLED completely with N-hexane.

Repair Step 7: Attach the OCA adhesive to the OLED with Laminating Roller and put the OLED into the Bubble Removing Machine for 3 minutes. Take the OLED out and put it into the UV Lamp for Curing OCA Glue for 5 seconds.

Repair Step 8: Stick a corner of the OLED with Easy Tear Sticker and peel off the OCA protective film. Attach the OLED to the Laminating Mold. Stick a corner of the digitizer and peel off the OCA protective film.

Repair Step 9: Align the digitizer with the OLED. Detach the screen and put the screen on the Laminating Sponge. Then put the screen into the Laminating Machine and press “LCD laminate start”.

Repair Step 10: Take the screen out and there are still bubbles on the screen. Put the screen back into the Bubble Removing Machine for ten minutes and the bubbles are gone. Put the screen back into the UV Lamp for two minutes. Then we connect the screen to test. The function of the display and touch is good.

Repair Step 11: Lastly, we install the screen on the watch. Attach the adhesive strip to the frame and peel off the protective film. Connect the screen and turn on the watch. The watch is turned on and all functions work well.

Repair Step 1: Heat the screen up so that the entire display and watch are warm. Be sure to turn the device off first by holding down the crown then sliding to power off. Using a sharp blade start at the bottom right corner and lift the glass up enough to create a gap, once you have a large enough gap use a plastic tool to break the adhesive bond around the edges

Repair Step 2: When inserting the knife & plastic tools around the edges be sure not to go further than 1mm into the AMOLED. The force touch gasket lies directly underneath the glass and is easily damaged if pushed on too hard with a knife or other metal object. The FPC clip is tricky but is easily removed using sharp point [product|IF145-020|tweezers] on the battery edge.

Repair Step 3: I used a solder iron tip that was larger than the solder pads. Turn your soldering iron up to a high temperature, 350C is where I kept mine at. DO NOT add any solder, just use the heat & tweezers to pull back the tabs. After unsoldering pull the flex cable out of the way and use tweezers to peel back the proximity sensor from the AMOLED. CAREFULLY.

Repair Step 4: After desoldering use a plastic spudger in the exact area as the picture shows to loosen up the adhesive holding the digi flex in place. It's best if you use a small amount of heat, around 150F, to help soften the adhesive bond. Fold the digi cable back as shown in the second picture.

Repair Step 5: Begin by preheating the entire screen to a uniform temp, letting it sit under warm air for 10 minutes. I keep my heat gun on 300F-350F while holding the screen 3"-6" away from the nozzle to vary the temperature. Carefully insert a business card under the screen on the dig flex side. Use alcohol to weaken the OCA tape bond then move the card in slow

Repair Step 6: Keep inserting the card slowly while using alcohol as a de-bonder and lubricant as well as keeping uniform hot air blowing on the screen. While holding the outside of the glass continue rocking the card back and forth until the AMOLED is completely separated.

Repair Step 7: The AMOLED screen is extremely thin, but not as fragile as you might expect, remember to be gentle and use heat through the entire separation process. To remove the old OCA adhesive use your finger and "roll" the glue off, pure isopropyl alcohol also helps to de-bond the adhesive. The screen is "waterproof" alcohol seeping into the edges is okay.

Repair Step 8: Be careful of the force touch flex cable that sticks into the frame on the bottom left of the display while removing the display assembly from the frame. The force touch gasket sits around the ENTIRE edge of the watch and is a thin silicone membrane. Test your AMOLED after separation before proceeding to the next steps.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 4: Place the tip of an iFlex along the edge opposite the Digital Crown and position it in the seam between the screen and the frame. Press the iFlex firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. The gap between the screen and the frame is very small, and it makes inserting the iFlex difficult. Don't force the iFlex in, or you risk damaging the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again.

Repair Step 5: Use the iFlex to pry up the screen. The adhesive requires time and constant force to loosen—it probably won't loosen from the initial pry. Reheat the screen and keep applying constant force until the adhesive loosens.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick in the gap you created between the screen and the frame. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and stop just before the Digital Crown.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick into the seam at the top left corner of the watch. Slide the pick along the Action button edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and along the bottom edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and stop before you reach the side button.

Repair Step 12: Insert the opening pick between the screen and frame at the opposite edge of the Digital Crown. Pry up the screen until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the screen all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Be careful not to strain the screen cable when you swing open the screen. Lift the screen up and carefully pull it towards the Digital Crown. Swing the screen open to an upward position.

Repair Step 14: Use a Y000 driver to remove the two 2.3 mm‑long screws securing the metal connector bracket at the bottom edge of the watch.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the bottom connector bracket.

Repair Step 16: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector towards the battery. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 17: Use a Y000 driver to remove the 2.9 mm‑long screw securing the battery. Use a Y000 driver to unscrew the 2.1 mm‑long screw that's sandwiched between the metal bracket.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the bracket with the screw sandwiched between it. Although the screw sits nicely in the bracket, it’s not captive and can fall out.

Repair Step 19: Use an opening pick to lift up the battery. Remove the battery from the case. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 20: Use a Y000 screwdriver to remove the two 1 mm‑long screws securing the display cable bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the display cable bracket.

Repair Step 22: Use the point of a spudger to pry and disconnect the display cable from its socket. To re-attach [guide|25629|press connectors|stepid=70308|new_window=true] like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 23: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four screws that surround the back housing of the device. Removing the back housing requires a Y00 tri-wing screw head.

Repair Step 2: Remove one J00 phillips-head screw from the mainboard, freeing the board from the frame. The board still has 5 connectors and adhesive, do not begin the removal of the board.

Repair Step 3: Remove five snap-in flex connectors from around the edges of the mainboard.

Repair Step 4: Easily pry the mainboard from the frame, being careful not to rip the vibrate motor flex on the top of the mainboard, it is curled around the top. The vibrate motor is not secured by any adhesive, it should lift from it's housing without ripping the flex, but be careful.

Repair Step 5: After removing the mainboard, the battery should be in full display. Easily pry the battery from the right hand side, careful not to insert the prytool too far, the device's LCD is directly underneath the battery. Seat in the new battery, if it doesn't fit perfectly, do not bend, pinch or puncture the battery to make it fit, some corners may need to be pressed in, be careful. Reseat the battery connector, using adhesive if the part does not have it behind the connector.

Repair Step 1: Use a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the '''four''' 4.0 mm screws on the back of the device. Be sure your device is turned off.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to separate the display housing from from the device. To ensure you don't damage your device, insert the opening tool and slide it the entire length of the gap on both sides of the device.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry back the metal flap on top of the connector. Locate the two 2.0 mm black screws and unscrew using a Phillips PH00 bit. The connector will detach from the device.

Repair Step 4: Loosen the camera ribbon so it will easily pass through the watch body.

Repair Step 5: Grip the body of the watch and pull the band upward. Do the same with the adjacent band, but there will be no camera ribbon to pass through the watch body.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 5: Use PH00 screw driver to remove two 2.4mm Phillips head screws.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger or [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove a white sticker that covers a Phillips head screw.

Repair Step 7: Use PH00 screwdriver to remove 5.2mm Phillips head screw

Repair Step 8: Use ESD safe tweezers to remove the gold ribbon cable. This will expose a second 5.2mm Phillips head screw that can be removed with a PH00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to gently pry on the motherboard towards the top of the watch, being towards the 12 o'clock position to loosen the motherboard. You can now access the parts and pieces on the bottom of, and below the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Carefully peel back the wristband so the bottom of the device is facing you. Then, pull out the device from one side (on the short edge) and take the device out of the wrist band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.8mm Phillips #00 screws holding the device together.

Repair Step 3: With the screws removed from the device, take the cover off the top of the device, revealing the batteries inside.

Repair Step 4: With the cover removed, take out the two batteries currently in the device. Take note of which side of the battery is facing which way in the device. Battery removal can usually be accomplished with your fingers. If not, carefully use a nylon spudger to pull up one edge of the battery, allowing you to remove that battery.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 5: Use PH00 screw driver to remove two 2.4mm Phillips head screws.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger or [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove a white sticker that covers a Phillips head screw.

Repair Step 7: Use PH00 screwdriver to remove 5.2mm Phillips head screw

Repair Step 8: Use ESD safe tweezers to remove the gold ribbon cable. This will expose a second 5.2mm Phillips head screw that can be removed with a PH00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to gently pry on the motherboard towards the top of the watch, being towards the 12 o'clock position to loosen the motherboard. You can now access the parts and pieces on the bottom of, and below the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to lift the battery from the back case.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 5: Locate the ribbon connection, and use remove the clips holding the strip on each side using needle tool.

Repair Step 6: With a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully remove the ribbon strip connection.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screw driver holding the LED screen and Speaker in place.

Repair Step 8: Insert a small flat screw driver under the speaker in order to remove it.

Repair Step 9: Using tweezers, remove the speaker and move off to the side.

Repair Step 10: Place a small flat head screwdriver under the LED screen, and carefully push it out of it's socket.

Repair Step 11: Remove final connection to accelerometer. The LED screen is now separated from the device.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch so the face is down. Remove the five 6 mm T5 Torx screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Use a spudger to pry the back cover of the watch off by placing it under the seam of the back case. The back cover is glued on and may be difficult to remove. It might help to heat the back cover before prying in order to soften the glue. If doing so, be careful to not burn yourself. This step requires a good bit of force to pry or apply heat back cover off because the back cover is glued. Be careful not to the break cover from too much force.

Teardown Step 1: In order to open this watch you will need a watch opening tool. Those are normally called "Jaxa" style. This is to secure the midframe while you pop up the back. This will require force as there is a rubber seal and the fit is tight.

Teardown Step 2: Remove the ribbons from the PCB marked in the photo

Teardown Step 3: Remove the screws that attach the pcb to the plastic mid frame. You can separate the midframe from the case and access all the components

Teardown Step 4: Screen and digitizer part numbers is marked as WB014ZNM-N00-6D00 MFPC R0.4

Teardown Step 5: Battery is an odd round battery made by Grepow. Part number is ABI403530 360Mah 3.8V . Closest match i can find is GRP4035030, probably with a custom made connector.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active2 by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears, tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening pick and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the opening pick into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover to access the sensor array connector. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the speaker.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the barometric sensor, the buttons, and the microphone.

Repair Step 8: Place a spudger underneath the motherboard at the top right next to the display connector. Slightly twist and lever the spudger to loosen the core assembly. It might help to also check the comments below this and the next step if you’re having difficulties.

Repair Step 9: Grab the core assembly and carefully slide it out from under the cables. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Flip the core assembly over so the motherboard faces down.

Repair Step 11: Use the tip of an opening pick to peel the top button off the plastic frame.

Repair Step 12: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw holding the motherboard in place.

Repair Step 13: Place the flat end of a spudger between the motherboard and the plastic frame near the copper coil at the bottom right. Twist the spudger to free the motherboard from the plastic tabs.

Repair Step 14: Slide the motherboard out from under the remaining plastic tabs to remove it.

Teardown Step 1: This Watch doesn't tick, but it does have some other nifty specs and features: 1.39-inch display with 454 × 454 resolution 4 GB internal storage Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.0, and built-in GPS IP68 ingress protection, rated for water resistance of up to 50 meters (5 ATM) Accelerometer, gyro, barometer, compass, heart rate, SpO2 Running on a custom RTOS (Real-Time Operating System)

Teardown Step 2: Come teardown time, there's no hiding from our [link| Toolkit|new_window=true]—not in a box, and [link| with a fox|new_window=true]. We do rather like this foxy red box, though. But before we start tooling around—let's compare! At left: the Galaxy Watch3, with its rotating dial wheel and tactile buttons. And at right: the Huawei Watch GT2e, with its electronic "rotating" touch-bezel and low-profile buttons (similar to the OnePlus Watch's). Around back, the OnePlus Watch packs fairly standard equipment heart rate + SpO2 (blood oxygen saturation) sensors—no fancy ECG, like in the Galaxy Watch3 or [link| Watch Series 6|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 3: Standard spring bar pins hold the fluoroelastomer straps in place, so we easily dispatch those, along with four Torx screws on the back of the watch. Our first peek inside reveals a back cover carrying a Li-ion battery and a few other notable travelers. A single metal bracket covers the hidden cable connectors, which we'll remove to get a closer view.

Teardown Step 4: All together, this back cover is home to a tiny speaker and linear actuator, a microphone, a barometric sensor, and the heart rate and SpO2 sensors. Most of those parts live on the same flex cable octopus, which is not removable. The only replaceable part in the bunch is the loudspeaker—if you trust the reading on the other side of the "not removable" battery. Which... we don't. It seemed perfectly removable to us! The power cell delivers 1.59 Wh (410 mAh @ 3.87 V). That puts it above the [link| Watch3|new_window=true] (1.3 Wh) and the Apple Watch [link| 6|new_window=true] 44 mm (1.17 Wh). Only the [link| Mi Watch from 2021|new_window=true] provides more juice with 1.62 Wh. What’s that, a [link| sign on a battery|new_window=true]? We don't recall seeing this in any other smartwatch. But it’s not uncommon to see [link| from TÜV for mobile electronics|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 5: Moving on—only a few Phillips screws hold the motherboard in place, which does not seem to have anything mounted on this side. So let’s pop off those remaining display and button connectors, and then go for the ''brainnnnnnnns''.

Teardown Step 6: Chips: [link| EMMC04G-M657] 4 GB NAND Flash [link| STM32L4R9ZI6P] ultra-low-power Arm® Cortex®-M4 32-bit MCU+FPU [link| Micro Apollo 3 AMA3B ] microcontroller Airoha [link|] GNSS location processor [link| Semiconductor CYW20721] Bluetooth 5.0 SoC MediaTek MT6670Q sensor front end controller Awinic [link|] haptic driver

Teardown Step 7: Chips, continued: Texas Instruments [link|] 1.5 A li-ion battery charger CellWise [link|] Battery Fuel Gauge Cirrus Logic [link|] audio codec Awinic [link|] class-D audio amplifier STMicroelectronics [link|] 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope Geomagnetic Sensor (likely)

Teardown Step 8: With the motherboard out and this intricate button liner removed, we focus on the last part—the screen. We apply some heat and [link| our cutting skills|new_window=true] until we can finally slice that show-off… off. This screen offers a resolution of 454 × 454 pixels, which results in a density of 326 ppi across its 1.39 inches. And although the thin lines in the dark ring around the display might suggest some sort of digital rotating bezel, there is no such function.

Teardown Step 9: With that, our teardown is over. Where did the time go? We seem to have lost track. Please feel free to admire this timepiece's pieces. And while we work on reassembling it, here are some repairability observations for you to ponder.

Teardown Step 10: The OnePlus Watch earns a '''5 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): The opening procedure is straightforward and glueless. Only two common screw types are used throughout the watch. Some finicky metal brackets and a few overlapping cables complicate repairs. The battery itself is easily accessible, but connects to the motherboard via the sensor flex assembly. The sensor flex assembly is non-removable and fixed to the back cover. The display is difficult to remove and requires heat and special prying tools.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap you've created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge where the crown is located to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge farthest away from the crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown.

Repair Step 9: Reinsert the opening pick on the short edge of the watch, next to the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it in direction of the short edge farthest away from the crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 11: The black foil which covers the display connectors is very fragile and likely to rip. To keep the tape intact while peeling it off, it's necessary to use high isopropyl alcohol or an iOpener. (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the adhesive tape. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until adhesive softens. Alternatively, apply a little bit of high-concentration isopropyl alcohol (>90%) to a Q-tip and apply it to the black adhesive foil on top of the display connectors. Let it penetrate the adhesive for about two minutes.

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel off the tape covering the right display cable connector.

Repair Step 13: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully peel off the tape covering the middle and left display cable connector.

Repair Step 14: Use the pointed end of a spudger to open the right ZIF connector on the rear side of the display by bringing its flap in an upright position.

Repair Step 15: Use the pointed end of a spudger to open the middle and left ZIF connectors by bringing their flaps to an upright position.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of tweezers to peel the left edge off the display cable sticker off the rear side of the display. Do not try to remove the sticker all the way, you will reuse it when reassembling your watch. Only peel the area off which adheres the cable to the rear side of the display.

Repair Step 17: Use a pair of tweezers to peel the right edge off the display cable sticker off the rear side of the display.

Repair Step 18: Carefully pull the display flex cables out of their ZIF connectors. Only pull close to the ZIF connector and not on the watch body. Otherwise the display cable might rip.

Repair Step 19: Separate the watch assembly and the display.

Repair Step 1: If your Apple Watch Ultra is charging, unplug it from the charger, or this procedure won't work. Press and hold both the side button and Digital Crown simultaneously. Continue holding both buttons while the Apple Watch reboots.

Repair Step 2: When you see the Apple logo, release the Digital Crown and continue holding the side button. When the Apple logo disappears, release the side button.

Repair Step 3: The Apple Watch is now powered off.

Repair Step 1: Before starting, take your Fitbit Charge 2 off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band on both sides.

Repair Step 2: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the touch screen for two minutes. The screen is not glued down, but the heat helps to loosen the touch screen assembly from your watch.

Repair Step 3: [link| an iSesamo] into the gap between the touch screen and the watch assembly on the top left corner. Slide the iSesamo along the left edge to the bottom left corner.

Repair Step 4: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom left corner. Slide it along the edge to the bottom right corner.

Repair Step 5: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom right corner. Keep sliding it along the right edge to the top right corner.

Repair Step 6: Slide the iSesamo around the top right corner. Slide it along the top edge to the top left corner.

Repair Step 7: Place the iSesamo under the top left corner. Feel free to reattach the watch band for this and the next step for a better grip. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap and unhinge the plastic clips which are holding the screen in place.

Repair Step 8: Place the iSesamo under the top right corner. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap.

Repair Step 9: Insert a spudger into the gap on the top edge of your Fitbit Charge 2. Use the spudger to pry up the touch screen assembly. Do not remove the touch screen assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Carefully fold the touch screen assembly in the direction of the bottom edge.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of blunt nosed [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the black sticker which covering the touch screen connector.

Repair Step 12: Use the pointed end of a spudger to open the ZIF connector by pushing up the black flap.

Repair Step 13: Pull the touch screen flex cable straight out its socket. Remove the touch screen assembly.

Repair Step 14: Remove the two Phillips screws securing the motherboard cover: One 2.5 mm screw One 2.8 mm screw

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of blunt nose [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the motherboard shield.

Repair Step 16: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the heart rate monitor sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 17: Use an opening pick to pry up and remove the motherboard which is holding the battery.

Repair Step 18: The battery is mildly glued to the motherboard. Slide an opening pick underneath the battery to cut the adhesive. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet! It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 19: The next steps require desoldering the two battery cables from the motherboard. Use this picture as reference for resoldering during re-assembly or make your own photo if the cable order differs in your model.

Repair Step 20: Use a soldering iron to desolder the first battery cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 21: Use a soldering iron to desolder the second battery cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. Make sure the battery cables are long enough to solder them onto the motherboard before installing new adhesive to the battery.

Repair Step 1: To begin the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband, first remove the device from the rubber wristband.

Repair Step 2: Finish the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband by utilizing the metal spudger tool on the short edge to pry the external body pieces apart.

Repair Step 3: After the cover had been removed, use the metal spudger tool to remove the body of the device from the casing.

Repair Step 4: Use the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to pry the screen casing from the body of the device. The screen casing is fastened to the body of the device by four clips located in each corner of the casing.

Repair Step 5: Flip the body of the device over so that the screen is now on the bottom. The display ribbon cable is soldered to the motherboard. We were able to peel up the ribbon cable with a pair of tweezers. Successfully resoldering this ribbon cable to the motherboard may prove difficult to the very small traces.

Repair Step 6: Flip the body of the device back over so that the screen is facing up. Using the tweezers, gently lift the screen from body of the device.

Repair Step 7: Remove the four highlighted screws from the motherboard using the Philips screwdriver.

Repair Step 8: Use the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the motherboard out of the device.

Repair Step 9: Slowly lift the motherboard off of the mounting body of the band with a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 10: Gently lay the motherboard upside down exposing the underside of the motherboard. The red and black battery wires may need to be desoldered from the board. Check out the guide for some helpful tips on this. Using the flat edge of a spudger separate the battery from the body of the band.

Repair Step 1: Using a narrow object like a paperclip, push the pins located in the watch band in the direction of the arrow indicated on the watch. Completely pull out the pins. It isn't necessary to remove the watch band before replacing other parts of the watch, but it may make removal of other elements of the watch more accessible and clear. When replacing the charging port cover, only take out the pin that is closest to the charging port cover.

Repair Step 2: To remove the watch band, pull each end of the watch band away from the watch frame.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch on a hard surface with the screen facing down. Unscrew the four 7.0 mm screws located at each corner using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Pry the old battery out using a plastic spudger.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding the back cover to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the flex cable of the crown buttons.

Repair Step 9: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch.

Repair Step 10: Place the tip of an opening pick in the small gap between the plastic frame and the battery, opposite to the display cable. Carefully lever the battery up and out of its recess. Don't try to remove the battery completely yet, as its connector is still adhered to the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Lift the battery up a little in order to access its glued down connector cable. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020-4|blunt tweezers] to lift up the battery connector which is secured with some light adhesive. You will most likely be able to re-use the adhesive to fix the new battery in place. If not replace it with [guide|113604|double sided or pre-cut adhesive tape|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Remove the battery.

Teardown Step 1: Apple Watch patient profile: Retina display with Force Touch The Series 4 comes in two sizes: 40 mm (324 × 394 pixels) and 44 mm (368 × 448 pixels). Custom-designed Apple 64-bit dual-core S4 SiP (System in Package) Optional LTE and UMTS, built in GPS/GLONASS/Galileo/QZSS, NFC, Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n 2.4 GHz, and Bluetooth 5.0 Improved accelerometer and gyroscope, optical '''and''' electrical heart sensors, microphone, speaker, barometric altimeter, and ambient light sensor Water resistance rating (up to 50 meters) WatchOS 5

Teardown Step 2: While these black squares may look outwardly similar, X-rays from our experts at reveal radically different insides. Already our subject (left) presents with (right)—the back sports an all-new optical sensor in the middle, surrounded by a new electrode. We're looking forward to a closer look at that ECG hardware. Other immediate differences from the "old" 42 mm version: the corners are noticeably rounder for more of that ''squircle'' look, and the side button now sits flush with the case. Seen from the side, the Series 4 is noticeably slimmer than the Series 3 (by 0.7 mm)—but it's actually . From the look of things, a good deal of that slimming is thanks to the new display.

Teardown Step 3: A quick checkup on the all-ceramic-and-sapphire-crystal back details:  Watch, check. Series 4, check. A laundry list of features, including water resistance to 50 meters. Optical sensor, right in the middle this time. Big ring-shaped electrical sensor—that's new. Inside one of the wrist band slots, we find a new model number, A2008—and in the other, the serial number, plus a small air vent hole for pressure equalization.

Teardown Step 4: Swinging our pendulum back and forth, your crown is getting heavier and heavier. Your wristbands sink into the cushions... Hey Siri, turn on DND. Now we can place our blade under the edge of this shiny display without scaring our patient. This approved method has been and on , although we've yet to determine how much water resistance is restored afterward. With its familiar trinity of cables safely unplugged, we can take a closer look at the display.

Teardown Step 5: With the screen in isolation, we get a better look at the contours of the new display. The extra pixels and increased screen-to-body ratio come thanks to rounded-off corners, a la , . The 44 mm model's display now covers 977 sq mm, compared to 740 sq mm on the 42 mm Series 3. Meanwhile, the 40 mm model spans 759 sq mm, versus 563 sq mm on its 38 mm predecessor. On the back we spot three chip packages, of which two are sealed shut, while the third bears no markings whatsoever behind its metal shield. If past history is any guide, this is where the touch controller and NFC chips are hidden. We'll update if we can get a positive ID.

Teardown Step 6: On our way to the battery, we encounter the now-standard tri-point. Sorry pentalobe, Apple seems to have a new favorite these days. Disconnecting what we ''think'' is the battery leads to a moment of confusion as we realize the battery is still tethered down by its flex cable. So what did we just disconnect? Probably wasn't important... right? The ''actual'' battery flex cable has been rerouted from its location on the Series 3, and now lies sandwiched underneath the battery and above the main board. With that dispatched, let's pop it out!

Teardown Step 7: Here's the built-in battery powering the Watch—no self-winding action here! This is a 1.113 Wh (291.8 mAh at 3.81 V) power pack, labeled A2059. ... Or it might be 1.12 Wh, depending on which side of this battery you believe. Regardless, that's down about 17% in capacity from the 1.34 Wh of the 42 mm Series 3 (although still more than the 38 mm model's battery from our most recent teardown). Now who wants to do the math on volume? 0.7 mm thinner but 2 mm taller comes out to … … just enough to give the battery its daily 18 hours of runtime, apparently!

Teardown Step 8: After the battery connector's hide-and-seek shenanigans, we're more prepared for a Force Touch gasket switcheroo. Its flex connector now lies in the , with twin cables that are stacked instead of spread out side-by-side. Very streamlined. That Taptic engine, by contrast, looks about the same as we remember it, if a little squashed-looking. Let's have a closer look.

Teardown Step 9: Here we have the component responsible for shaking things up—the Taptic Engine, also known as an electromagnetic oscillating linear actuator. Compared to the , this is a much thinner design, but it's also longer. Even this smaller engine takes up a lot of room in this tiny device—room that could have gone to a bigger battery, but Apple seems to ''feel'' physical feedback is very important. Android device makers?

Teardown Step 10: Next up, we surgically remove the new noisemaker—that's alleged to be 50% louder, and maybe ? Now that the microphone has migrated over near the digital crown, the speaker can take advantage of that space for more ''volume''. A silicone gasket seals the speaker to make its water-expelling magic possible, much like it did on . The little black “eye” adjoining the speaker may be a barometric sensor, cleverly using the speaker grille’s access to the outside atmosphere. Since it no longer needs its own unsightly hole in the chassis , this is a victory for Jony Ives everywhere. ''Update'': It turns out there's a tiny tunnel from the air vent we saw in Step 3, passing through the chassis and right into the path of this little sensor. So it probably doesn't need any help from the speaker grille, but we still think it's most likely a barometer.

Teardown Step 11: Finally, we get to the core of all things: the Apple-designed S4 system-in-package. Good news, everyone! The S4 is secured only with screws, and pops right out—a welcome change from the fiercely-glued SiPs of years past. As always, the package itself is encased in a solid block of resin, meaning most of its secrets will be difficult to extract. Thankfully though, the RF components remain a little more exposed: Avago AFEM-8087 (likely front-end module) OU JQ YY MEH ECE (this looks like a Bosch part, likely the fancy new accel + gyro) Avago E827 I2033 0836 ST Microelectronics 32-bit MCU with ARM —the same we found in the and in the .

Teardown Step 12: In our effort to push out the heart sensor array, the whole bottom pops out. Turns out they weren't kidding about more access through the bottom case. We spot a magnet in the middle for holding the Watch to the charger, the charging coil itself, and some new silicon: A88 AY10 18206 00D5 That's a very tidy array of black pads lying under the S4 package—possibly for heat dissipation? Or maybe they are just comfy pillows for keeping its stress levels low.

Teardown Step 13: This golden donut is ''likely'' a streamlined antenna, as we've not seen the or golden gaskets of yesteryear. Meanwhile, we've come to the headline feature: new electrical heart sensors () to complement existing optical sensors. The Apple Watch is a ECG, which means it's only measuring voltage between the right and left arms. The first electrode is on the Watch back, pressed against your wrist. The second is the crown, held by your opposite hand's fingers. These electrodes detect tiny changes in electrical polarization across your skin as your heart beats. The S4 then interprets that data to compute and analyze your heart rhythm.

Teardown Step 14: Time to dig into that second electrode—the all-new digital crown. We pull off some pieces and quickly find the fun parts. Grab your —we're entering micro-world. The internal golden cylinder has micro scratches on it, allowing an optical encoder (the little black box on the ribbon cable) to track its rotation. The springy bracket behind the cylinder likely conducts the electrical signal from your finger through to the watch, completing the ECG circuit. The tiny switch behind that spring acts as the crown's mechanical button. Plus, there's a nice gasket on the exterior crown shaft for ingress proofing.

Teardown Step 15: The original Apple Watch was revolutionary upon its release, but the yearly updates have been mostly minor—until now. Where the first Watch was awkwardly layered together and used too much glue, the Series 4 feels much more thoughtfully laid out. Apple pundit has compared this to the leap in design brought by the iPhone 4, and we might even go a bit further and call it an iPhone 5: a device that knows its priorities, and wants to look as elegant inside as out. If this watch didn't get your heart rate up, maybe it's time for a ? Big thanks to for helping out! Now only one thing remains. Drumroll please ...

Teardown Step 16: The Apple Watch Series 4 earns a '''6 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Watch band replacements remain fast and simple, and are even backward-compatible with previous models. Screen replacements are difficult but do-able—it's the first thing to come off, and detaches via simple ZIF connectors. Battery replacements are pretty straightforward, once you're inside. While not proprietary, incredibly tiny tri-point screws are a repair hinderance. And they are all over the place. Several component flex cables are mounted directly to the S4 package, requiring skilled microsoldering to replace. The resin-encased S4 system makes most board-level repairs impossible.

Repair Step 1: Opening the Mi Watch will compromise its waterproof seals. Have replacement seals ready before you proceed past this step, or take care to avoid liquid exposure if you reassemble your watch without replacing the seals. Before starting the disassembly, turn off your watch. Remove the four 3.2 mm-long T3 Torx screws on the back of the watch. A T3 screwdriver has a tight fit on these screws and might require a bit more downward pressure to unfasten the screws. A T2 fits as well but poses the risk to strip the screw heads.

Repair Step 2: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the loudspeaker opening at the top edge of the rear case assembly. Push the spudger upwards to create a small gap between the rear case assembly and the watch housing.

Repair Step 3: Insert your spudger into the gap and pry up the rear case assembly. Only work with the edge of your spudger and do not insert it deeper than 3 mm. Steady the rear case assembly with a finger to prevent it from suddenly popping open and damaging the flex cable. Don’t try to remove the rear case assembly all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a thin flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing open the rear case assembly by folding the rear case to the side with the watch buttons. Avoid straining the flex cable during this procedure.

Repair Step 5: Remove the 2.7 mm-long Phillips screw securing the metal bracket in the top right corner of your watch.

Repair Step 6: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to unhinge the metal bracket and remove it. During reassembly, make sure to [link| the metal bracket|new_window=true].

Repair Step 7: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the rear case assembly flex connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Remove the 2.7 mm-long Phillips screw securing the metal bracket at the bottom left corner of your watch.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of tweezers to unhinge the little hook at the upper end of the metal bracket and remove it. During reassembly, make sure to [link| the metal bracket|new_window=true].

Repair Step 10: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the watch button flex connector.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the screen and the digitizer flex connectors.

Repair Step 12: Remove the two 2.7 mm-long Phillips screws securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Use a pair of tweezers to lift the motherboard out of the watch housing. Avoid damaging the surrounding flex cables during this procedure.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 6.7mm JIS #00 screws from the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Remove the gold coils from the bottom of the pin. Remove the washer from the pin with the spudger.

Repair Step 3: Pop the pins out one at a time using the spudger.

Repair Step 1: Peel back the metal cover on the end of the watchband.

Repair Step 2: Use a T3 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four 6 mm screws on the corners of the metal cover plate.

Repair Step 3: Use the plastic opening tool to pry off the metal cover plate.

Repair Step 4: Detach the black ribbon cable by using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 5: Detach the orange press-fit (or "pop") connector by using the tweezers.

Repair Step 6: Pry out the battery using the plastic opening tool.

Teardown Step 1: Let's get a sense of what this Fitbit brings to the table: 1.58 AMOLED screen 4 GB internal storage A new ECG function as well as a skin temperature sensor, and the standard optical heart rate sensor Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 5.0 and Built-in GPS Water resistant up to 50 meters Also part of the package are a gyroscope, an altimeter, a 3-axis accelerometer, and an ambient light sensor For comparison: The Fitbit Ionic on the left and the Apple Watch Series 6 on the right.

Teardown Step 2: Not shown here: lots of heat and careful prying. Like the Apple Watch, the Fitbit Sense's ingress protection means the very thin gap between the display and the housing of the watch is lined with adhesive. Even with a heat gun and extremely thin prying tools it is difficult to get the display to budge. A semi-unprotected OLED display underneath the glass and booby trap cables and near the edge where prying happens add to the challenge. Though it is precariously placed, we're thankful the display cable is long enough to allow us to lift the screen with ease once the hard part is done. Underneath we’re greeted by a small bracket fastened with tiny T2 Torx screws covering the connectors we're aiming to disconnect—no problem for our .

Teardown Step 3: A couple more Torx screws and some connectors hold down the green motherboard. The board doesn't come out alone, though! The battery hitches a ride, lightly adhered to its underside. The battery is a 1.02 Wh (266 mAh @ 3.85 V) cell, slightly less potent than the 1.17 Wh pack from the and a far cry from the 2.16 Wh cell in the . Despite the intense opening procedure, we're getting the Sense that this Fitbit is considerably less complex than any Apple Watch. That's good for these repairs—battery, board, and screen are all accessible within a few steps! (Even if the first one is a doozy.)

Teardown Step 4: Unlike the resin-encased Apple Watches, this Fitbit wears its silicon on its sleeve, so to speak. Here's what we found: GPS SoC 4GB flash memory Fitbit FBT18SW ARM application processor USI chip (most likely WiFi module) Smart Codec with Low Power Audio DSP boosted haptic driver NXP SN100T Secure Element

Teardown Step 5: The identification continues: Maxim Integrated Single-Channel Integrated Biopotential/Bioimpedance Analog Front End Bosch Sensortec [link|] Accelerometer/Gyroscope w/ Sensor Hub STMicroelectronics MEMS 3-Axis Accelerometer (Likely) Jeju Semiconductor [link|] 128 Mb CRAM (cellular RAM) memory Texas Instruments BQ25152 power management IC (likely) Texas Instruments buck boost converter Texas Instruments [link|] 4-ch. SPST analog switch

Teardown Step 6: Two more brackets tucked up against the sides of the housing keep a few more key components in place: loudspeaker and pressure sensor on one side, and a microphone, vibration motor, and psuedo-button on the other. Minus the vibration motor, all of these components connect to the sensor board at the bottom of the housing and terminate in soldered connections. Even if you're handy with a soldering iron though, that sensor board lives under a metal plate and the whole affair is locked in with some serious permanent adhesive. It's unlikely you'll be able to remove it without damaging something. The edge around the display features two separated metal brackets for reading your EDA levels (electrodermal activity) and taking that ECG.

Teardown Step 7: We've had our share of adhesive battles in 2020, so that's as far as we're going in this teardown! While the opening procedure is far from ideal, most of the critical components in this Fitbit are accessible and replaceable, and disassembly was very straightforward. Unfortunately, some components are integrated into the sensor board, which is fastened with permanent adhesive. Let's wrap up this quick teardown with a ~~bow~~ score.

Teardown Step 8: The Fitbit Sense earns a '''5 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Watch bands are easily replaceable (though not standard issue). Standard screws are used prudently throughout the device. The display-first disassembly procedure means screen replacements require only a few steps, but those steps are difficult and can easily damage the display. The battery is buried under the main board, but it can be disconnected immediately upon opening the watch and is easy to remove once you get to it. Components underneath the battery aren't modular, and will be very difficult to remove due to their strong adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Push down the smart watch housing with both thumbs while holding the outer frame. Note that the power button will fall off of the frame. Set it aside in a safe place with the wristband.

Repair Step 2: Detach the screen using the plastic prying tool. Detach the LCD screen from the motherboard by pulling the ribbon cable very carefully and slowly.

Repair Step 3: Using a the Spudger, remove the cover. Work your way around to find the most convenient place to open it.

Repair Step 1: Use a small flathead screwdriver to pry the unit out of the outer shell. It has strong adhesive. Separate the two parts.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the 4 bolts with your T4 screwdriver. If the cover is stuck, gently pry open with a spudger. ***Do not remove the cover completely, it could damage the watch. ***

Repair Step 2: Gently raise the cover. Disconnect the cable with your spudger.

Repair Step 3: Gently disconnect the ribbons with your spudger. Do not remove the bottom-left cable.

Repair Step 4: Gently remove the motherboard. Place your spudger under the board and lever up.

Repair Step 5: Turn the motherboard around so that you see the battery. The battery connection needs to be at the bottom. Gently pry the battery. The easiest way to do so is in the top-left corner.

Repair Step 6: Put the battery back into its case.

Repair Step 7: Gently put back the motherboard in the watch casing. Start by putting the left side first. Be careful not to pinch any cables.

Repair Step 8: Reconnect all the cables. Note: You can use your spudger but a finger does it.

Repair Step 9: Reconnect the cable attached to the back panel.

Repair Step 10: Screw the four screws and you’re done!

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 1: Using a T4 Torx driver, remove the 4.34mm screw from band post. You will need to hold in the screw on the other side in order to remove the screw for the band Remove the post from band and remove the band.

Repair Step 2: Repeat step 1 on the second watch band.

Repair Step 1: To avoid burning your hands, make sure to hold only the thin edges of the iOpener. Heat the iOpener. Instructions on how to do this can be found here: [guide|11677|iOpener Instructions] Firmly press the frame of the band against the iOpener, and hold it in place for about 90 seconds. When using the iOpener, make sure to wrap it partially around the sides.

Repair Step 2: Using a spudger, lightly press upwards against one corner of the frame, then the other along the corner of the short edge. Alternating between the same two corners, continue pressing until there's about a 1-2 mm gap between that end of the frame and the body.

Repair Step 3: Do not pull the frame away too quickly. The screen may be stuck to the frame, and pulling on it could cause damage. If the screen is still attached, lightly push on the screen with a finger and it should pop out. Insert the spudger into the gap under the frame, and lightly slide it about 3/4 of the way down one of the long edges, then repeat with the other. If the frame doesn't simply pop off, try sliding the spudger the rest of the way down the long edges, and lightly lift the frame with your fingers. When re-assembling, make sure the frame's microphone hole is on the same side as the sensor board underneath.

Repair Step 4: Do not rip the yellow ribbon cable from the motherboard. Gently lift the LCD screen from the components using your fingertips.

Repair Step 5: Lightly pry up the black connector from the motherboard using a spudger. Pull the entire LCD screen gently upward to detach the yellow ribbon cable.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 4: Use a heatgun to loosen the adhesive beneath the screen, it should take a 5-10 minutes for adhesive to loosen. Handle the watch with care to avoid burning yourself after it has been heated. Review the [guide|151116|How to Use a Heat Gun to Soften Adhesive|new_window=true] guide.

Repair Step 5: Wedge a thin opening tool or your iFixit Jimmy in between the seam where the screen and the watch’s housing connect. Pry the screen off the device. There is a cable underneath the screen that needs to be disconnected - be careful not to rip it. Work quickly so the adhesive doesn’t cool too much.

Repair Step 6: Carefully disconnect both cables from the motherboard by placing the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 6.7mm JIS #00 screws from the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Pull off the back cover of the watch Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to flip up the retaining flap on the ribbon cable [guide|25629|ZIF|stepid=64969] socket. Remove the ribbon cable from its socket.

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 3.8mm JIS #00 screws from the motherboard. Remove the motherboard with tweezers

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over and orient it such that the buckle is away from you and the back panel is revealed. Maintain this orientation to follow the guide.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four base screws using a size 2 TORX screwdriver to separate the back plate from the frame.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the ribbon cable on the left side of the motherboard by using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger and apply pressure to the white plastic wall to the right of the motherboard. Use this to lever the electronics out of the frame. The clips have small lips that you can put the spudger under to get more leverage. Using any of the metal to pry out the electronics may damage some of the wiring. It is crucial to only press on the plastic.

Repair Step 5: Remove the right side ribbon cable by pulling it off with your fingers.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger tool to poke out the exposed motherboard section as seen in the photo. As always be careful when disconnecting the cables or batteries.

Repair Step 7: Put a nylon spudger underneath the battery's press-fit connector and lift up to free the ribbon cable and motherboard. As always be careful when disconnecting the cables or batteries.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, an [link|] is needed to separate the two. '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the iFlex edge. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' If the opening procedure is performed incorrectly or with too much pressure, the glass could crack, sending small glass shards flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for three minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Take your time and work carefully to avoid scratching the watch body with your iFlex. Insert the iFlex into the thin gap between the display and frame at the edge adjacent to the digital crown. Tilt the iFlex down to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 8 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the iFlex or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert the tip of an opening pick into the gap you just created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge opposite to the watch crown to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the next short edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 8: When slicing the adhesive on the edge with the watch crown, only insert the opening pick 2–3 mm to prevent damaging the display cables. Slide the opening pick around the corner and toward the watch crown to slice the remaining adhesive. Don't try to fully remove the display yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you open the display. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upright position. To reseal your watch follow this [link| Apple Watch resealing guide].

Repair Step 1: Wear proper gloves when using a heatgun. Use a heatgun to melt the adhesive beneath the screen. Heat the metal around edges of the screen. Avoid heating the rubber watch band as it will quickly melt. Heating the LCD screen may damage it. Avoid this procedure unless you intend to replace the screen.

Repair Step 2: Use a and plastic to pry the screen away from the Band 2.

Repair Step 3: Use metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently detach the orange press-fit (or "pop") connector.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Locate the rectangular metal connector that attaches the camera to the Gear. Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently lift and detach the metal plate of the connector. When reassembling the Gear, reattach the camera connector by carefully aligning the metal plate and its pins to its original placement. Make sure it snaps in place to avoid improper connections and possible damage.

Repair Step 5: Use tweezers to carefully lift the camera from its slot out of the case.

Repair Step 1: On the strap there is a knob. Sliding this knob towards the opposite side of the strap releases the tension on the spring bar, allowing you to pull the strap out..

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over and orient it such that the buckle is away from you and the back panel is revealed. Maintain this orientation to follow the guide.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four base screws using a size 2 TORX screwdriver to separate the back plate from the frame.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the ribbon cable on the left side of the motherboard by using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger and apply pressure to the white plastic wall to the right of the motherboard. Use this to lever the electronics out of the frame. The clips have small lips that you can put the spudger under to get more leverage. Using any of the metal to pry out the electronics may damage some of the wiring. It is crucial to only press on the plastic.

Repair Step 5: Flip over the motherboard complex and gently remove the screen with your fingers.

Repair Step 1: Before starting the repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a T2 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 3.6 mm screws securing the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool in the seam on the top edge between the back cover assembly and the watch case. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover assembly of your Huawei Watch GT 2 (42 mm). Don't fully remove the back cover assembly just yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing the back cover assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 5: The metal shield is held in place Insert an opening pick in the gap between the metal shield and the shield bracket on the motherboard. Push the opening pick slightly downwards to unhinge the metal shield.

Repair Step 6: Remove the metal shield.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 8: Separate the back cover assembly from the watch case.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick in the gap between the metal shield and the shield bracket on the motherboard. Push the opening pick slightly downwards to unhinge the metal shield. Remove the metal shield.

Repair Step 10: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the four 2.3 mm screws securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: Use an opening pick to pry up the motherboard. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Remove the six T5 Torx 6.32mm screws securing the back cover to the watch.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back cover carefully. Even after the screws have been removed, the back cover can still be quite difficult to take off. Moderate to extensive prying may be required. Be gentle, but ''firm''.

Teardown Step 1: Unscrew the screws on the back side

Teardown Step 2: Move the microusb port to release the circuit

Teardown Step 3: The cables don't consent to separate the parts

Teardown Step 4: Neither the yellow flat cables from the screen.

Teardown Step 5: Levering the speaker with something sharp from its location, it's glued to the base and I damaged it

Teardown Step 6: Remove the black/yellow tape from the plastic frame with something

Teardown Step 7: Lift the plastic frame to view the circuit The gray wire cloth used for cooling or shielding blocks the view of the chip below it.l, so remove it

Teardown Step 8: Mediatek mt6260a processor ??

Teardown Step 9: There are 2 cables : 1 2

Teardown Step 10: Seems to be soldered to the board, applying a slight pressure nothing happens. Maybe there's some glue

Teardown Step 11: This cable seems to have the locking bar, but trying to move it sliding or leveraging ir with a screwdriver it doesn't move. How can I remove it ?

Teardown Step 12: Another cable having a locking bar. I tried to move this cable too and having more space I forced it more than the previous one but nothing moved.

Teardown Step 13: I don't know what cable is it , the watch don't measures heartbeats but only steps and monitores sleep. However this cable is soldered and i don't want to desoldering it if not necessary

Teardown Step 14: The chip is connected with the third cable

Teardown Step 15: I had to remove the micro sd to see it, also if i described the same antenna in 6th step whitout realizing. It seems to have only 1 connection to the board and seems to be 1 thin copper plate all united. Unfortunately i ripped the antenna in the 2nd photo ! Now i need to replace the antenna with another.

Teardown Step 16: The problem is that this antenna have 2 connections while the previous had only 1 ! I don't know what are these connections. Maybe one connects simply to ground, but i don't know. I think it's a SMA connector. I expect if i peel the cable to get 2 cables.

Teardown Step 17: The cable is about 2cm long and wide 2mm , i not measured it but works very well. I don'k know even if it touches the contact or is only near it. If i connect another piece of wire on the antenna the range of the bluetooth remain practically the same. Maybe to increase further the range, i need a determinate-lenght wire , for example with a online calculator the lenght of the ideal antenna results a quarter of wave of 2,450 ghz but i don't know how much is important

Repair Step 1: Using your fingers, press down on the rubber circles to unbuckle the strap from itself. Once you have removed two of the rubber circles from from a side you will be able to unbuckle the strap on that side.

Repair Step 2: Hold the side power button to ensure the watch is completely shut down.

Repair Step 3: To access the battery compartment use the Jaxa-style wrench tool. Secure the midframe while you pop up the back. This will require an extremely high amount of force as there is a rubber seal and the fit is tight.

Repair Step 4: Remove the battery cover by carefully using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or the iFixit opening tool.

Repair Step 5: Disconnect the small ribbon cable connector. Remove the battery from the watch.

Repair Step 6: Use the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently push out the button from the frame of the watch. Be careful not to lose any springs or other components that the power button is with.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the "Power" button and "Digital Crown" for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Use the pointed side of the spudger to remove the small, orange battery cable.

Repair Step 5: Remove the battery by pulling the white tab on the battery marked "PULL." Make sure the orange battery cable is fully disconnected to avoid ripping it off and tearing it.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the microphone and pressure sensor array.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Insert an opening pick at the bottom right between the motherboard and the frame to lift up the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Lift out and remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: Apply the Heated iOpener to the display for 30 seconds to soften the adhesive..

Repair Step 2: Insert a spudger between the display and watch body. Pry upwards and work the spudger around the perimeter of the display to free it from the body. The display is still attached with ribbon cables so don't remove completely.

Repair Step 3: Lift the touchscreen to expose ribbon cables that connect it to the main circuit board.

Repair Step 4: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display cable press connectors from the motherboard.

Teardown Step 1: A class I self-certified medical device, this device was built for clinical and research grade measurement of movement data. Strapped to the wrist or to the hip, this device accurately measures movement and helps determine physical activity patterns, sleep quality and other lifestyle factors. Length: 34.2mm Width: 45.6mm Height/ thickness: 19mm

Teardown Step 2: The device has a micro-USB port for data exchange and charging. The manual states that the device is water resistant for immersion in 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. This micro-USB port is protected by an ABS plastic pan-head slotted flat-end screw and a Nylon rubber strap that acts as a water-tight gasket between the screw and the body. The rubber strap carries the engraved ActiGraph logo. The plastic screw can be unscrewed using a pry pick or even with your fingernail. The slot is fairly wide. Although the strap is stuck with an adhesive at the other end of the device, it is fairly easy to pull off. Strap width: 9.6mm Strap thickness: 1-2mm Screw diameter: 9.8mm Screw length: 6.85mm

Teardown Step 3: The body is made of two injection-molded red translucent polycarbonate parts: a casing and a cap. The cap is closed with 4 Philips flathead, countersunk, flat tip stainless steel screws. Use the #1 Philips head screwdriver to open the screws. Screw diameter: 1.5mm Thread length: 5mm

Teardown Step 4: The casing was lined with a 1mm thick white translucent nylon rubber gasket. Within the red translucent polycarbonate shell, there were two colourless transparent holes. These may be for the light sensors on the PCB to detect ambient light, a feature used to assist with sleep tracking. The rubber gasket can be pulled out with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. This gasket would help with water resistance. Inside the device was a single unit that included a battery and the PCB. This could be pried out using a spudger.

Teardown Step 5: The battery is soldered on the PCB and the two are stuck together using 1mm thick foam double-sided tape (DST). The DST may also help with reducing water damage on the PCB by protecting the sensors and ICs. There were no fasteners holding the PCB and the battery to the body. The device uses an EEMB 3.7V 220mAh Lithium Polymer Rechargeable battery. This does not seem to be available anymore on their [link|].

Teardown Step 6: There is a protection circuit soldered on the battery, covered with a yellow translucent plastic wrapper. It has two components: Marking code: 8810 BV9Z4B (?) Marking code: G2GS (?)

Teardown Step 7: The PCB had important components on both sides. In the 3rd image, the purple component (416F 8835), the grey component (9301 FC), the brown component (65P) could not be identified. The following components were labelled, although some are unknown: [link| MT29F2G08AAD|new_window=true] (NAND Flash memory) Ambient light sensors Marking code: ".F". Possibly a logic gate [link| ATSAM3U4C|new_window=true] (Flash microcontroller) Marking code: T120 AQ1V (A crystal oscillator) Marking code: M934K7 (?) KXSC7 1012B 2010 (Kionix (now ROHM)) MEMS Accelerometer (?)

Teardown Step 8: With that, the device has been fully disassembled! In terms of repairability, most of the components can be replaced if available from the manufacturer. Apart from the screws, the battery and the DST, all components seem custom made for this device. The device uses 4 standard screws which could be replaced by procuring them online or hardware stores. The battery can be replaced, but it would require a soldering iron to connect to the board. The device also uses a proprietary software and a black-box algorithm which provides the analysed data. That cannot be re-engineered easily.

Teardown Step 1: Once upon a time, Creative Electron uploaded an . We geeked out. Hard. And proceeded to make them our new BFF. More recently, some lucky tech writers got to spend the day playing with ~~magic~~ science at their offices in sunny San Marcos, CA. Creative Electron's specs include: A line of totally cool X-ray inspection systems Amazing employees Great insight

Teardown Step 2: One of the first things we notice is that, while the battery dominates the interior space of the watch, it barely shows up in X-ray images. (It's the sort of smoky-looking patch on the right.) Like everything in the Apple Watch, the battery was designed to be small and super thin. In larger devices such as smartphones, the thicker batteries absorb more X-rays, and thus are . The densest (and therefore darkest) components in the picture are the magnets—such as in the speakers on the lower left, the Taptic Engine, and the small magnet in the center that aligns the charger.

Teardown Step 3: It's apples to oranges as we compare the Apple Watch to a . The Apple Watch is far more densely packaged, with virtually no extra space, and sports a very noticeable inductive charging coil. The Nike features (comparatively) giant screws, spacious chip mapping, and sensors that spill out beyond the central watch body.

Teardown Step 4: First stop, the Digital Crown. Apple made a lot of fuss over how cool this is, so of course we put it in a box and shot it full of rays. Despite its tiny size, the crown features a very classical mechanical design—threaded components and a hefty bushing. As we saw in our , the portion of the crown shaft on the inside of the watch body is covered in tiny notches. Immediately below this, what appears to be an optical emitter/sensor reads as the notches spin by. Boom, .

Teardown Step 5: Moving along the outer edge, we come to the side button. Even under the X-ray, this button looks distinctly Apple. Not one to waste a good design palette, Apple opted for something that looks very similar to the iPhone 6's .

Teardown Step 6: The Taptic Engine—and the shaking weight that composes it—is one of the darkest, and therefore densest components in the watch. In order to get the most bang (vibration) for its buck (space), Apple packed a tiny, heavy weight into its Taptic Engine to provide the vibratory feedback to your wrist. Even though it's tiny, it still consumes a lot of the Apple Watch's precious interior space. While some users would rather see that space go to a larger battery, Apple clearly sees the Taptic Engine as an important part of the user experience. Thanks to the X-ray, you can see the "engine" is a . The springs move the weight up and down (side to side, when on your wrist) to create the vibration effect. Creative Electron has a of some vibration motors running in real time—''inside an x-ray machine.'' Rad.

Teardown Step 7: The next ''pressing'' matter, is that of the band-release button. A seemingly simple mechanism is actually dense with dual layers of interlocking spring-powered pins. And what's that to the right of the band? The mysterious diagnostic port. ''Tell us your secrets!'' Unfortunately, X-rays don't make this Watch any less tight-lipped.

Teardown Step 8: Fortunately, X-ray vision ''does'' reveal the secrets of board-level components: reveal their wire coils. remain dark and elusive with all their wrapped dielectric layers. are almost invisible, except for the solder that melts and creates a fillet on the edges of the resistor. Invisible are hidden beneath protective walls, but close to the processor to minimize latency and signal interference. While the dots and swirls in the second image may look like single-celled organisms, they are not. The swirls are the wire coils of the inductive charger. The large, dark blobs are solder mounts for a chip, and the wavy background pattern is the flash memory chip. More on that later...

Teardown Step 9: The precision of the layout of the electronics is incredible. (CSPs) litter the board, and with such tight space, accuracy is key—which means production costs are high. Much of the cost is due to the board being heavily populated with CSPs as opposed to larger soldered packages.

Teardown Step 10: And here it is. The computer-on-chip. Where we were earlier thwarted, we've got a better look with some interesting analysis. By encasing the S1 in resin, Apple was able to make use of wire bonding to make many of the connections between chips in (PoP) stacks. These are incredibly small bonds, typically 10-17 microns. This saves space, as soldered packages would be thicker, but requires a whole new level of manufacturing expertise. Here's the on the S1, an STMicroelectronics gyroscope and accelerometer.

Teardown Step 11: Our friends at Chipworks have spent the last two weeks hard at work cracking the S1. Here's what they found: The Apple S1 System in Package (SiP) is composed of over 30 individual components, attached to a single board that is then overmolded with a silica or aluminum composite resin—similar to conventional IC packaging, but for an entire board. At the heart of the S1, Apple's new APL0778 processor is fabbed on Samsung's 28 nm LP process. This represents a slight step backward from Apple's 20 nm A8 processor, which shipped with the iPhone 6 in September. Power efficiency would seem to be, if anything, even more critical in the Apple Watch than in the iPhone. With Samsung now fabbing chips on an even smaller 14 nm scale, we expect improved battery life in the next Apple Watch. Check out Chipworks' full analysis .

Teardown Step 12: The flash storage looks onto the substrate, with the solder points on the front side. We are taken aback by the unusual, irregular pattern. The experts at Creative Electron tell us that by looking at the patterning on the chip itself, focusing on the directions of the connections and vias, it looks like this board is made of four layers—two signals, power, and ground. Taking a closer look at the balls that connect the chip, we notice a few light-colored bubbles within. This is called voiding. Most contacts between boards are copper. But because copper oxidizes (rusts) very quickly, you have to wash it with an acid before making the bond. This acid is called flux and is used to "wet" the solder to the metal pads. Voiding happens when the flux isn't completely cleaned off. Depending on its extent, this can be bad for durability. Clean, even connections allow heat to dissipate, while , reducing the life of components.

Teardown Step 13: Another thing we noticed during the initial teardown is the irregularly-shaped blob of metallic material at the center of the S1. In all likelihood, this is a heat sink for the S1's tightly packaged processor. Under the X-ray, this area lines up nicely with the centering magnet for the charger. Possibly Apple designed the magnet to serve a dual purpose—aligning the charger, and bleeding heat from the S1 SiP.

Teardown Step 14: We pop the display under the rays, to see if we missed anything. Looks pretty much like what we ; cables, chip, sensor etc. However, a closeup shows what might be force touch strain gauges at the bottom of the screen. Those rectangular patches sure look anyway. The footprint of the touchscreen controller and the ribbon cable traces look more like art than miniaturized tech.

Teardown Step 15: Now for a few images we mostly like 'cause they're pretty. The X-ray bed can be adjusted, allowing for these cool angled shots. It makes us feel like we're racing over a . Another fun thing the X-ray reveals, are the tiny screws, embedded in the watch body. You can see there's not much room to make them any bigger! The intricate ribbon cable traces are like tiny, beautiful, TRON metro maps, and they even come in ! Changes in color indicate a change in density, just like with greyscale images.

Teardown Step 16: Fade to black... cue lights! Time to shine some illuminating rays on our next target, the inductive charger. By adjusting the power level and exposure, we can see different strata of the charger. For example, in the first image we see a high-contrast silhouette of the charger's internals, nested in the haziness of the plastic outer case. And in the last image, the board-level components are visible. X-ray fun fact: Power and current are adjustable. Lower power equals better resolution—and fewer frames per second. Creative Electron's X-ray machines do up to 60 FPS, but this was slower than that. X-ray fun fact 2: The zoom level of the image is directly proportional to the distance between the tungsten sensor and the object. It's also inversely proportional to the distance between the object and the X-ray source.

Teardown Step 17: Don't worry, this UFO isn't here to abduct you. Not unless you're tiny, and ferromagnetic. It's just a centering magnet to ensure good alignment for charging. Looking at this Oreo cookie of a charger, we find the inductive coils in the lower section, and a dense weight in the upper portion. Speaking of density, here's a map with . This fancy 3D graph shows the density of the charger's internals, with higher points representing greater density. That dark red semi-circle is the magnet, while the yellow indicates the charging coils.

Teardown Step 18: On the left we see a row of dark coupling caps—probably in parallel. The tiny, light-colored dots within are ~~invading microorganisms~~ more of those little soldering voids, a remnant of the manufacturing process. There is a relatively vast amount of brains in the charger. It probably understands the charging profile of the battery—so the watch doesn't have to. ''Cha-ching''—space savings! Up top, we spot a large BGA (ball grid array) which probably denotes the presence of a power management IC. While the board is relatively complex, it only appears to be one layer, with no components on the bottom of the board (which makes sense because it needs to lay flat and charge). With close inspection we spot a littler resistor network. Each filament in the network connects different points with a different resistor. One-layer PCB power management—probably no more than 0.031 inch thick.

Teardown Step 19: X-rays reveal one last unseen innovative goodie: cable strain relief. This springy bit of metal has some extra wire wrapped around it, so that if you pull too aggressively, you won't rip the cable off its contacts. Looks like Apple put some serious thought into durability, it may well outlast the watch it's meant to charge. Knock-off buyers beware, this is no dumb charger.

Teardown Step 20: Thanks again, to our friends at ! We're looking forward to working with them more, to keep bringing you the power of X-ray vision. In case you missed it, be sure to check out our original .

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over so that the face is down. Using a Y#0 screwdriver, unscrew the four 3.5 millimeter tri-head screws. Remember to turn off the watch to avoid being shocked.

Repair Step 2: Using your finger, push forward on the release while pulling up on the strap. You may find it helpful to use the flat end of a spudger to push on the release instead of your finger.

Repair Step 3: Repeat the procedure from step 2 for the other strap.

Repair Step 4: Insert a plastic opening tool between the top and bottom portions of the case, and gently pry off the back. Do not insert the tool more than 3 millimeters into the case. Inserting more than 3 mm may damage the seal and electric components.

Repair Step 5: Using a Philips head #00 screwdriver, remove the two 3.6 millimeter screws.

Repair Step 6: Using a spudger, pry up the three cables.

Repair Step 7: Using the flat end of a spudger, pry up the motherboard. Make sure the cable is fed through the hole to avoid damaging it. The motherboard is attached to the battery casing, so place the motherboard in the orientation shown once freed.

Repair Step 8: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers], lift the battery casing. Make sure the cables are fed through their gaps to avoid damaging them.

Repair Step 9: Flip the battery casing over and using a spudger, push on the battery to free it from the casing. Once the battery is free, use the flat end of a spudger to lift up the battery cable.

Repair Step 1: Use SIM Eject tool for an apple phone or the one iFixit sells to push the pin out to the other side. Please proceed slowly and carefully, DON'T push too hard or fast because the tip of the SIM Eject is very sharp which can cause an Injury. Set aside the pin in a safe place.

Repair Step 2: Now, the band size is adjustable. Flip the band over. Notice that there are some arrows to follow in order for you to push the pin out of the pocket.

Repair Step 3: Following the arrow, and push the pin out to the other side carefully. Please proceed slowly and carefully, DON'T push too hard or fast because the tip of the SIM Eject is very sharp which can cause an Injury.

Repair Step 4: Now, you are to choose how many links to remove for the desired size to fit your wrist. After adjusting the size of the band, attach back the link shown in the picture only with the first pin we got out at the very beginning of the guide.

Repair Step 1: Begin by laying the watch on a flat, smooth surface. This will prevent the watch screen from suffering damage. Obtain a Flex Extension with a Size 1.0 mm flat-head. In the case of not having said tool, for this model of watch one can use the hands to replace the strap.

Repair Step 2: Locate the two springs on the back of your watch. The watch comes with two of these springs on each side of the back-face. These are used to release the straps from the body of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use the Flex Extension to push the spring to the right. This will release the strap from the watch head.

Repair Step 4: Carefully pull the strap away from the watch.

Repair Step 5: Repeat step 3, this time using the other strap.

Repair Step 6: Locate the 4 T3 screws in the back of your watch, and use the T3 Torx Screwdriver to unscrew them.

Repair Step 7: Use the Metal Spudger to pry open the back of your watch. Make sure the watch is off and not plugged in when prying into the case with the Metal Spudger to avoid the risk of electric shock.

Repair Step 8: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 9: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or a nylon spudger to pry up the four press-fit connectors. The glued-down connector in the middle is harder to remove than the rest. That is perfectly fine.

Repair Step 10: Locate the two Phillips #00 screws holding down the motherboard, and use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove them. Ensure to place these screws separately from the Torx screws, as they can easily be mixed up.

Repair Step 11: Use the Metal Spudger to lift the mother board from the watch. The metal spudger may cause damage to the device, use a when possible.

Repair Step 12: Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Use the spudger or opening pick to carefully lift the battery from the watch. Ensure that the polarity (+/- signs) of the new battery match that of the old battery when inserting new battery into device. Avoid using a metal spudger as it may cause damage to the battery or device. Use an when possible.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold the home and back buttons together for at least 8 seconds. After three seconds the display will show a "Power off" symbol on the screen. Keep pressing the buttons. Let go of the buttons when you see the watch restart.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Use the pointed side of the spudger to remove the small, orange battery cable.

Repair Step 5: Remove the battery by pulling the white tab on the battery marked "PULL." Make sure the orange battery cable is fully disconnected to avoid ripping it off and tearing it.

Repair Step 6: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers], lift the rectangular speaker from the case. Be careful to not pull too quickly and rip the orange connector cable, which is attached to the case with adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Use tweezers to carefully grab the connector. Gently pull upwards to detach it from the case and from the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over so that the face is down. Using a Y#0 screwdriver, unscrew the four 3.5 millimeter tri-head screws. Remember to turn off the watch to avoid being shocked.

Repair Step 2: Using your finger, push forward on the release while pulling up on the strap. You may find it helpful to use the flat end of a spudger to push on the release instead of your finger.

Repair Step 3: Repeat the procedure from step 2 for the other strap.

Repair Step 4: Insert a plastic opening tool between the top and bottom portions of the case, and gently pry off the back. Do not insert the tool more than 3 millimeters into the case. Inserting more than 3 mm may damage the seal and electric components.

Repair Step 1: Before starting, take your Fitbit Charge 2 off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band on both sides.

Repair Step 2: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the touch screen for two minutes. The screen is not glued down, but the heat helps to loosen the touch screen assembly from your watch.

Repair Step 3: [link| an iSesamo] into the gap between the touch screen and the watch assembly on the top left corner. Slide the iSesamo along the left edge to the bottom left corner.

Repair Step 4: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom left corner. Slide it along the edge to the bottom right corner.

Repair Step 5: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom right corner. Keep sliding it along the right edge to the top right corner.

Repair Step 6: Slide the iSesamo around the top right corner. Slide it along the top edge to the top left corner.

Repair Step 7: Place the iSesamo under the top left corner. Feel free to reattach the watch band for this and the next step for a better grip. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap and unhinge the plastic clips which are holding the screen in place.

Repair Step 8: Place the iSesamo under the top right corner. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap.

Repair Step 9: Insert a spudger into the gap on the top edge of your Fitbit Charge 2. Use the spudger to pry up the touch screen assembly. Do not remove the touch screen assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Carefully fold the touch screen assembly in the direction of the bottom edge.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of blunt nosed [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the black sticker which covering the touch screen connector.

Repair Step 12: Use the pointed end of a spudger to open the ZIF connector by pushing up the black flap.

Repair Step 13: Pull the touch screen flex cable straight out its socket. Remove the touch screen assembly.

Repair Step 1: To begin the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband, first remove the device from the rubber wristband.

Repair Step 2: Finish the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband by utilizing the metal spudger tool on the short edge to pry the external body pieces apart.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active2 by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears, tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening pick and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the opening pick into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover to access the sensor array connector. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the speaker.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the barometric sensor, the buttons, and the microphone.

Repair Step 8: Place a spudger underneath the motherboard at the top right next to the display connector. Slightly twist and lever the spudger to loosen the core assembly. It might help to also check the comments below this and the next step if you’re having difficulties.

Repair Step 9: Grab the core assembly and carefully slide it out from under the cables. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Flip the core assembly over so the motherboard faces down.

Repair Step 11: Use the tip of an opening pick to peel the top button off the plastic frame.

Repair Step 12: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw holding the motherboard in place.

Repair Step 13: Place the flat end of a spudger between the motherboard and the plastic frame near the copper coil at the bottom right. Twist the spudger to free the motherboard from the plastic tabs.

Repair Step 14: Slide the motherboard out from under the remaining plastic tabs to remove it.

Repair Step 15: Insert the flat end of a spudger between the bottom of the battery and the core frame. The battery is secured with some mild adhesive. If the adhesive is too strong you can use a hair dryer to soften it. Use the spudger to lever up the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery. Only use plastic tools. A punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a thermal event.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to grab the connector and slowly pull it off the core frame. The battery connector is affixed with mild adhesive. Remove the battery from the core assembly. When installing a new battery make sure the [link| hole|new_window=true] on the battery connector aligns with the pin on the core frame.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap you've created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge where the crown is located to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge farthest away from the crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown.

Repair Step 9: Reinsert the opening pick on the short edge of the watch, next to the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it in direction of the short edge farthest away from the crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 11: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the rear side of the watch to loosen the battery adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen until there's enough space to access the battery. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine.

Repair Step 13: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The battery adhesive is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Avoid damaging the display cables, and especially the force touch cable, which covers the battery in one corner during the prying procedure. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 14: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch case, but avoid straining the cable when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess.

Repair Step 15: Use a Y000 driver to remove the 1.1 mm screw from the battery connector.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal plate covering the battery connector.

Repair Step 17: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully free the battery connector by peeling off the overlapping foil.

Repair Step 19: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 1: Before starting, take your Fitbit Ionic off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: and apply it on the display for at least two minutes to soften the adhesive underneath. The adhesive of the Fitbit Ionic is very strong. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 3: Insert a technician's razor with a flat blade into the small gap between the watch case and the display. Cut through the adhesive on the upper side of the Fitbit Ionic.

Repair Step 4: Use a technician's razor with a flat blade to pry up the top edge of the display and create a small gap.

Repair Step 5: Insert two opening picks underneath the top left and the top right corner. Leave the opening picks in place to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Remove the razor blade.

Repair Step 6: Insert a third opening pick underneath the top right corner and slide it along the right edge of the display. Leave the opening pick in the bottom right corner to prevent the adhesive from resealing. If cutting becomes too difficult, and reapply the iOpener.

Repair Step 7: Insert a fourth opening pick underneath the top left corner and slide it along the left edge of the display. Leave the opening pick in bottom left corner to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Do not remove the display assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the display assembly in the direction of the bottom edge.

Repair Step 9: Use the flat end of a spudger to loosen and pry up the mildly glued NFC antenna. Carefully fold the NFC antenna in the direction of the upper edge of the watch.

Repair Step 10: Carefully fold the display assembly onto the upper side of the watch. Take care not to pull or bend the cables too much—they are still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Torx T2 screw (3.65 mm length) on the bottom left corner.

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal shield covering the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Fold the display assembly back to its original position.

Repair Step 15: Remove the two Torx T2 screws (3.65 mm length) from the top edge of the watch.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal cover.

Repair Step 17: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the NFC antenna. Remove the NFC antenna.

Repair Step 18: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the two display cables from the motherboard.

Repair Step 19: Remove the display assembly. If possible, turn on your Fitbit Ionic and test your repair before installing new adhesive and resealing.

Repair Step 1: Apply a little bit of isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip or use a to gently remove the adhesive leftovers on top of the force touch gasket. To remove the adhesive on the side where the display cables are running, fold down the display and carefully pull it away from the frame so there's enough space.

Repair Step 2: Flip the Apple Watch upside down so the display lays flat while lifting up the case. Remove the leftovers on the back of the display.

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove replacement adhesive with the blue protective film from the backing paper.

Repair Step 4: Hold the replacement adhesive diagonally to thread it over the display. Slightly tilt the display forward so you can align the adhesive with the frame. Position the replacement adhesive on top of the force touch gasket and use the pointed end of a spudger to move and press it into place.

Repair Step 6: Align the screen and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. To improve bonding of the adhesive you can use an iOpener to warm up the display. Then apply some pressure for a few hours (placing it under one or two heavy books overnight might be a way). Alternatively, you can use [link| vice clamps] around the perimeter of your device to set the new adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Orient the watch so that the screen is face up. Remove the five 6 mm black screws from the perimeter of the watch face using the T5 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift up the watch face as it's attached to the motherboard by a ribbon connector. Detach the black connector from the motherboard. A spudger can be used if you have trouble prying the piece with your fingers. Don't pull on the ribbon as it could tear. When the ribbon is disconnected remove the watch face.

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 5mm silver screws on the outer part of the motherboard using the T5 Torx screwdriver. Pull the motherboard out carefully as it is connected on the other side by another ribbon connector.

Repair Step 4: Unlock the ZIF connector and remove the ribbon connector from the back of the motherboard. A Jimmy can be used if you have trouble prying the piece with your fingers. Be careful not to pull on the ribbon as it could tear. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the Tri-point screw securing the metal battery connector cover. Remove the cover.

Repair Step 9: Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up with the edge of a pry tool. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: With the battery connector out of the way, insert the tip of a pry tool under the battery connector plate, which is part of the battery. Lift the battery connector plate up and out of its recess.

Repair Step 11: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the edge of the battery and the case, on the side opposite the digital crown. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. If needed, you can also safely pry along the top edge of the battery, against the Taptic Engine. Mind the display cables so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged.

Repair Step 12: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. If needed, try re-using the existing adhesive to secure the battery. Alternatively, try a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as . '''If you're using an iFixit repair kit''', proceed to the guide linked in the conclusion below to install a new Force Touch sensor and re-seal your watch. Alternatively, if you are just replacing the adhesive and not the sensor, see the [guide|116326|adhesive replacement guide|new_window=true] for applying new adhesive and then reassembling.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 2: Use the metal spudger to carefully pull apart the screen cover from the case. Replace the metal spudger with a plastic opening tool to hold the cover open.

Repair Step 3: Use the metal spudger tool to carefully loosen the rest of the cover.

Repair Step 4: Carefully, pull apart the cover with the plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Use the T5 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four silver 2mm x 3mm T5 screws that hold the back cover in place.

Repair Step 4: Slide the opening pick between the rear case and the rest of the device to separate the two halves. Gently pull the two halves apart.

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the gasket that lies embedded in a groove that runs around the perimeter of the front half.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger to gently lift up and disconnect the display connector. Now use the spudger to disconnect the digitizer connector.

Repair Step 7: Use a Phillips #000 screwdriver to remove the two black PHO 2.5mm x 3mm screws. Use the spudger to gently remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Apply a small amount of pressure to the back of the LCD to create a gap for the opening pick. Gently work the pick around the perimeter of the device to loosen up the adhesive. An iOpener may be necessary to help loosen up the adhesive. Refer to our for info on how to use it.

Repair Step 9: After using the pick to loosen the adhesive, simply pull the display assembly up from the metal bezel.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 4: Place the tip of an iFlex along the edge opposite the Digital Crown and position it in the seam between the screen and the frame. Press the iFlex firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. The gap between the screen and the frame is very small, and it makes inserting the iFlex difficult. Don't force the iFlex in, or you risk damaging the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again.

Repair Step 5: Use the iFlex to pry up the screen. The adhesive requires time and constant force to loosen—it probably won't loosen from the initial pry. Reheat the screen and keep applying constant force until the adhesive loosens.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick in the gap you created between the screen and the frame. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and stop just before the Digital Crown.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick into the seam at the top left corner of the watch. Slide the pick along the Action button edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and along the bottom edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and stop before you reach the side button.

Repair Step 12: Insert the opening pick between the screen and frame at the opposite edge of the Digital Crown. Pry up the screen until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the screen all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Be careful not to strain the screen cable when you swing open the screen. Lift the screen up and carefully pull it towards the Digital Crown. Swing the screen open to an upward position.

Repair Step 14: Use a Y000 driver to remove the two 2.3 mm‑long screws securing the metal connector bracket at the bottom edge of the watch.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the bottom connector bracket.

Repair Step 16: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector towards the battery. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 17: Use a Y000 driver to remove the 2.9 mm‑long screw securing the battery. Use a Y000 driver to unscrew the 2.1 mm‑long screw that's sandwiched between the metal bracket.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the bracket with the screw sandwiched between it. Although the screw sits nicely in the bracket, it’s not captive and can fall out.

Repair Step 19: Use an opening pick to lift up the battery. Remove the battery from the case. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 1: Use a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the '''four''' 4.0 mm screws on the back of the device. Be sure your device is turned off.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to separate the display housing from from the device. To ensure you don't damage your device, insert the opening tool and slide it the entire length of the gap on both sides of the device.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry back the metal flap on top of the connector. Locate the two 2.0 mm black screws and unscrew using a Phillips PH00 bit. The connector will detach from the device.

Repair Step 4: After separating the LCD/motherboard from the actual watch itself, the watch should be in two separate pieces. You will only need the watch/strap component so you can set aside the LCD/motherboard component.

Repair Step 5: Look for the metal bracket that covers and secures the battery in place. Loosen the bracket by prying underneath the metal plating with the plastic opening tool. Remove the bracket and set it to the side. The battery should now be exposed.

Repair Step 6: Notice the leads attached to the base of the watch. You will need to remove this before you pull the battery out. Using the plastic opening tool, pry underneath the leads and disconnect it from the back of the watch. Slowly tug on the "PULL" tag and remove the battery from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Grab your Garmin watch and flip it over to get a good view of the four screws that connect the straps to the housing.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove the four .8mm screws. Once the screws are removed the watch straps should fall out of the housing.

Repair Step 1: Any of your selected watch faces will do.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge.

Repair Step 9: Continue sliding your pick along the top edge and around the top right corner, ***stopping just after the digital crown***. Don't slide your pick past the digital crown—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 10: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Use a Tri-point Y00 driver to unfasten the four screws on the back of the watch. Don’t worry about removing the screws, they will stay in place in the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a wider gap. Don't fully remove the back cover just yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 3: Lay the watch face down. Carefully lift the back cover up from the edge with the buttons to access the sensor connector. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket (marked red) is undamaged. If damaged replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the flex cables of the side buttons, the display and the hall sensor.

Repair Step 6: Remove the Phillips #00 screw.

Repair Step 7: The motherboard is held in place by two small plastic clips. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020-4|blunt tweezers] to lift the motherboard out from underneath the plastic clips towards the buttons. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening pick into the recess between the watch frame and the top edge of the back cover. Push the opening pick to create a gap between the back cover and the watch frame.

Repair Step 4: Twist the opening pick to widen the gap between the back cover assembly and the watch frame. Pry upward to loosen the back cover assembly. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully lift up the bottom edge of the back cover assembly to make sure it isn't adhered to the watch frame anymore. Avoid straining or tearing the sensor or battery cables.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back cover assembly and carefully bring it into an upright position next to the watch housing.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 9: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to disconnect the right display cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to disconnect the left display cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 12: Carefully slide an opening pick underneath the display cable to separate it from the motherboard. Use your opening pick to fold the display cable in an upright position.

Repair Step 13: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 14: Insert a spudger underneath the edge of the motherboard opposite to the watch buttons. Pry up to loosen the motherboard.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 2.9 mm screws from the back of the display using a Torx screwdriver. Remove the back cover from the device.

Repair Step 2: Remove the two 2.9 mm Torx screws holding the circuit board in place. Carefully pry the board out using an opening tool.

Repair Step 3: Remove the motherboard assembly from the device by gently lifting.

Repair Step 4: Locate the vibration motor on the motherboard. Desolder the red and black wires connected to the motherboard from the vibration motor. Red wire is located closer to the outside. Black wire is closer to the inside of the motherboard. Replace with new vibration motor.

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Grab the watch once it is separated from the wristband.

Repair Step 4: Flip over the watch and remove the four 3.0 mm Torx head screws with a T4 Torx head screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two 3.0 mm Torx screws from the front. Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws. The two 3.0 mm Torx screws are painted blue at the end. These screws have screw holders around them that will also need to be removed. Unscrew the screws from the front of the watch casing and the screw holders fall out from the back of the watch casing.

Repair Step 6: Gently pull the back panel away from the front panel. Do not to pull too fast or too hard. There are red and black wires connected to the vibrator component that should not be ripped.

Repair Step 7: Gently wiggle the black box vibrator component away from the back panel with your fingers or a Spudger tool. Be gentle with the red and black wires. You do not want them to rip or pop out. The vibrator component is the small black box with the silver metal part at end. The black box is glued down, so it will take a little force to free it and it will be sticky.

Repair Step 8: Now lift the smaller square of copper off the front panel. Use the precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] and slide it under the smaller square of copper lining then gently lift it up. You will need to be gentle and pull the copper slowly so that it does not rip.

Repair Step 9: Use your fingers to gently grab and lift the small square piece to remove the GPS and button component competely from the casing. Disconnect the ZIF Connector from the larger green motherboard. The ZIF Connector is the flat, orange cable connecting the small green motherboard to the larger motherboard. It is meant to come apart at the port located on the larger motherboard. You will feel like you have broken it when it is disconnected. That is okay!

Repair Step 10: Get the GPS/Button Component by itself and use the Spudger tool to lift the silver cover off the GPS Component. This will expose the GPS Component.

Repair Step 11: Once the GPS Component cover is off and the GPS Component is exposed, you are ready to replace it. The GPS Component is the entire square, grey box piece with the green motherboard attached to it.

Repair Step 1: Follow the to dismantle the watch. '''Carefully''' lift the screen from the board. Disconnect the USB's flex PCB from the main board. '''Save the red rubber seal of the USB connector for later.'''

Repair Step 3: Place the new USB connector on a flat surface with its '''pins pointing upwards'''. Place the PCB '''on top''' on the pins, the exposed copper traces on the flex PCB '''facing the flat surface'''. Using an iron, solder the PCB by heating '''all the pads''' at the same time (as much as possible) and '''apply pressure''' so that the pins of the USB connector come through.

Repair Step 4: Connect the flex PCB back to the main board. Reassemble the watch '''stopping before screwing the lid back'''. Add hot glue to the '''base''' of the USB connector filling the watch case's cavity. '''Be careful not to put hot glue inside the connector'''. While the glue is '''still hot''', put the red rubber seal back '''on top'''. Screw the lid back.

Repair Step 1: Remove the watch strap by sliding the knob inward to detach from the face plate.

Repair Step 2: Open the watch by removing the four 3.5mm screws using the T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Place the spudger under the vibration motor and lift up to remove it from the watch.

Teardown Step 1: LG G Watch R assembly.

Teardown Step 2: First remove the watch band using a small flat screw driver to compress the spring loaded pin. Remove the four T4 torx screws (Green). Carefully pry the base off using a thin flat screw driver

Teardown Step 3: Disconnect the four electrical connectors from the board Orange - Battery connector Blue - button and charging connector Green - Backlight Purple - O-LED Controller + Mic Remove the three phillips screws securing the board down. Then lift the board off the base

Teardown Step 4: The battery is below the board. The battery can easily be pried out using a small flat head screwdriver.

Teardown Step 5: Using a small pliers and a small flat screwdriver the battery housing comes out easily.

Teardown Step 6: Pictures of the front and back of the 1.3" P-OLED. The screen is glued in.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 4: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the microphone opening at the top edge of the back cover. Pry upwards to loosen the back cover assembly. This may require some force. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the daughterboard. Swing the back cover assembly open by 45 degrees to gain access to the sensor assembly cable.

Repair Step 5: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 6: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Be aware that a sharp tool easily scratches your watch housing when not handled with care. To avoid undesired scratches, take your time and work carefully rather than hastily. Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 7 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the knife or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to slice the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to slice the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 8: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 9: and apply it to the rear side of your Apple Watch for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath the battery. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 10: From this point, the battery removal procedure for the 41 mm watch differs slightly from the 45 mm version. If you're replacing the battery for a 41 mm watch, continue with [link| step]. If you're replacing the battery for a 45 mm watch, continue with [link| step].

Repair Step 11: The following six steps show how to remove the battery from a '''41 mm''' Apple Watch Series 7. Insert an opening pick between watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or folding the the cable sharply when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black protective tape off the ZIF connector. Make sure to only peel the tape off the connector but avoid to remove it completely. Otherwise you have to replace the tape during reassembly.

Repair Step 14: Use one arm of your tweezers or the pointed end of a spudger to pry up the lock bar on the ZIF connector securing the battery cable.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to pull the battery cable out of the battery ZIF connector. During reassembly make sure to push the cable all the way back into the ZIF connector before locking the it. Reapply the black tape on top of the connector to secure the battery cable or replace it with new one. Otherwise the battery cable may slip out of the connector and your watch won't turn on.

Repair Step 16: Remove the battery. Do not reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. If you're reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. [guide|113604|Secure a new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place.

Repair Step 17: The following six steps show how to remove the battery from a '''45 mm''' Apple Watch Series 7. Insert an opening pick between watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 18: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or folding the the cable sharply when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 19: Use a Tri-Point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm-long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 20: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. Do not reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. If you're reusing your old battery, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. [guide|113604|Secure a new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place. During reassembly apply new adhesive where necessary after cleaning the relevant areas with isopropyl alcohol (>90%).

Repair Step 23: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel the black protective tape off both display connectors. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 24: Use a spudger or one arm of your tweezers to pry up the lock bar on the ZIF connectors securing the display cables.

Repair Step 25: and apply it to the screen for at least two minutes to loosen the protective tape on its rear side. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the phone—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 26: Carefully slide an opening pick underneath the display cables to separate them from the screen.

Repair Step 27: Use a pair of tweezers to pull both display cables out of the ZIF connectors. Avoid pulling on the watch assembly, or you may rip the display cables. If not damaged you can reuse the old tape during reassembly. Otherwise replace it with new tape.

Repair Step 28: Remove the screen. Apply new adhesive where it's necessary after cleaning the relevant areas with isopropyl alcohol (>90%).

Repair Step 1: Push on the band in order to expose the pins Using ***[product|IF145-020|tweezers]***, remove the pins, one on each side, in order to only leave the face of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Using plastic opening tools, carefully pry open the back cover of the the watch. Use the little hatch on the bottom portion of the watch in order to easily pry open the watch

Repair Step 3: Using a PH000 screwdriver, remove the three screws in order to release the motherboard from the watch. Do not lose the three screws! Keep them somewhere you will remember! A magnetic mat can help with this. Using plastic opening tools, remove the four connectors attached to the motherboard

Repair Step 4: Using the plastic opening tools, carefully lift up the motherboard. IGNORE THIS STEP IF ONLY REMOVING MOTHERBOARD: Use the plastic opening tools to carefully remove the battery

Repair Step 5: Use the PH000 screwdriver to remove the two highlighted screws to release the battery

Repair Step 6: Carefully pinch out the battery case with your fingers to remove it from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.2mm screws with a Y00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: This step will ruin the water-proof seal. Wedge the metal spudger in between the back cover and the frame along the seam. Use force to pry the back cover away from the main watch frame. This step requires a lot of force. You can use a Jimmy in place of a metal spudger to make the process easier.

Repair Step 4: Detach the three connectors on the motherboard using your fingernail. The connectors are easy to pop off. Minimal force is necessary.

Repair Step 5: Separate the motherboard and front screen assembly using a spudger.

Repair Step 1: Locate the front LCD screen on your device. Fitbit logo should appear in the bottom center of the screen.

Repair Step 2: Push the screen out through the back of the metal ring enclosure. Use a small amount of force on screen to prevent damage. Use other hand to catch screen.

Repair Step 3: Locate the metal pin behind the wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into the blue rectangle enclosure. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 1: First remove the band from the device.

Repair Step 2: Once the band is removed, then it is necessary take a screwdriver and remove the 4 screws holding the backplate in place.

Repair Step 3: Once free, the inside of the watch will be exposed and you can disconnect all the golden connections (battery, display, etc) and carefully loosen the battery housing from the shell

Repair Step 4: When the board is removed, the battery will be stuck in place with an adhesive inside the black plastic housing. Prying the battery out gently will remove it from the board.

Repair Step 1: Use a T5 Torx screwdriver to remove the '''four''' 4.0 mm screws on the back of the device. Be sure your device is turned off.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to separate the display housing from from the device. To ensure you don't damage your device, insert the opening tool and slide it the entire length of the gap on both sides of the device.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry back the metal flap on top of the connector. Locate the two 2.0 mm black screws and unscrew using a Phillips PH00 bit. The connector will detach from the device.

Repair Step 4: On the display, use a plastic opening tool to lift up the two ribbon cables the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The motherboard is attached to the display using an adhesive Using a heat gun, heat up the display for 4 to 5 minutes, making sure the move the heat gun around to distribute the heat around the display. This heats up the adhesive making the motherboard easier to remove

Repair Step 6: Using a plastic opening tool, carefully insert the opening tool in between the bezel and the motherboard and slide it the entire length of the logic board. Slowly pry up the motherboard from the display.

Teardown Step 1: It’s specs o'clock—let’s see what upgrades these new Samsung wearables have to offer your wrist: Exynos W920 1.18 GHz with dual ARM Cortex-A55 cores, low-power Cortex-M55 display processor, Mali-G68 GPU, and integrated LTE Circular Super AMOLED display with always-on functionality—1.19 inch or 1.36 inch sizes available in both models (330 PPI) 1.5 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory A 361 mAh battery in the larger variants, like our Watch4 Classic (46 mm)—and a 247 mAh battery in the smaller ones, like our Watch4 (40 mm) A bag full of sensors: accelerometer, barometer, gyro, geomagnetic, light, optical heart rate, ECG, bioelectrical impedance sensor, and a Hall sensor on the Classic IP68 rating with water resistance to a depth of 50 meters (5 ATM)

Teardown Step 2: Though the Galaxy Watch4 and the Galaxy Watch4 Classic have almost identical specs, they're each rockin' their own look: Keeping the rotating bezel [link| the Watch3|new_window=true], the Watch4 Classic is a bit bulkier. If you prefer something less obtrusive, the standard Watch4 bears more resemblance to Samsung's [link|] [link|] or the [link| Mi Watch 2021]. While the Galaxy Watch4 always wears aluminum, the Classic has some classy frame options: 316L stainless steel or titanium (also [link| in space|new_window=true]).

Teardown Step 3: Before we crack our watches open, we pull in their predecessor—a.k.a. the Watch3—to look for any differences: Both the standard and Classic Watch4 models sport sleek, rectangular buttons—rather than the round ones seen on the Watch3. The introduction of the new [link| Impedance Analysis|new_window=true] sensor on the back of the Watch4 doesn't change the hardware layout. But what’s missing is the service port hatch seen at the top of the Watch3 (third photo, center).

Teardown Step 4: After all that time spent poking around the outside, we're ready to start poking at these watches' insides. Both models open up through the back, same as [link| Watch3|new_window=true]: Four tri-point screws stand in the way, which a specialty driver easily takes care of. Then a quick pry from an [link| Tool] gets us inside. Wait, isn't something missing? Nope, no [link| or sketchy slicing|new_window=true] needed here—the rubber gasket, which provides the IP68 rating, keeps the back shut tight. Hooray! Compared to the relatively integrated rear assembly of the [link|], the Watch4 offers up a few more bits for early removal: the flex cables themselves, and what seems to be a wire to measure your body composition. The only silicon we spot here is the [link| Instruments AFE4500S], which handles the optical biosensing.

Teardown Step 5: If you liked that little taste of a biosensing chip from the last step, have we got a treat for you: more chips! It takes some unscrewing and some spudgering, but the motherboards are out—Watch4 Classic on the left, and Watch4 on the right. Samsung package combining the [link| W920 dual-core 1.18 GHz] processor with (what seems to be?) 1.5 GB of their in-house LPDDR4 Samsung Shannon 915 intermediate frequency IC [link| BCM43013] ultra low power dual-band 802.11n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 5.0 combo IC Qualcomm Atheros QPA5580 power amplifier (likely)

Teardown Step 6: Bonus round! The back of the Watch4 Classic motherboard doesn't give us anything to work with, but the Watch4 shows us a couple more of those same chips: S915 intermediate frequency IC [link| BCM43013] ultra low power dual-band 802.11n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 5.0 combo IC We'd guessed from the data sheets that these watches are similar, and well … they are. Silicon-wise, there doesn't seem to be anything differentiating the two.

Teardown Step 7: The watches' fuel tanks are hidden under the motherboards and nestled within plastic midframes. Thankfully, both can be removed without any heat—so long as you have a sturdy [link|] on hand. (Just don't poke too hard—the usual li-ion battery cautions apply here.) The Watch4 Classic 46 mm accommodates a 1.40 Wh (361 mAh @ 3.88 V) battery—while its 40 mm little sister, the Watch4, houses a 0.95 Wh (247 mAh @ 3.88 V) battery. Compared to the Watch3 with 1.3 Wh (340 mAh @ 3.85 V), this represents a modest upgrade. With 1.62 Wh, the [link| Mi Watch] still packs a bit more power—and the [link| Watch Series 6 (44 mm)] twiddles its thumbs at the bottom of the stack with 1.17 Wh. We shake the last components out of the midframe and find a [link|] vibration motor next to the barometric sensor. But the most interesting part is the button flex cable. It not only carries a microphone (''#snore-tracking''), but is equipped with an additional contact plate opposite its connector. This allows the watch to close an electrical circuit through your body for bioelectric impedance analysis.

Teardown Step 8: Most of the Galaxy watches that pass through our hands are—in contrast with [link| smart watches]—screen repair friendly. The Galaxy Watch4 series maintains that streak … at least half-way. The Watch4 Classic, like the Watch3, prioritizes simple display removal. With a little heating, we're able to separate the circular AMOLED screen from the frame with the push of a finger. Unfortunately, the standard Watch4 isn't so friendly. This time we're forced to grab our heating and prying tools to take on that screen. And we're rewarded with cracked display glass and a toasted yellow AMOLED. At least the screen isn't blocking access to any other repairs—if you're prying the screen off, it's probably already broken.

Teardown Step 9: ''Tick, tock''—it's score o'clock. Yet another journey through two Galaxies comes to an end. In front of us, the pile of loot we got from our adventures. Fortunately, all that loot was pretty easy to come by. Apart from the Watch4 screen, important repairs are simple and relatively painless—to be expected after the [link|], but a stark contrast to [link| Galaxy phones|new_window=true]. Time's up—let's see how these watches measure up on our reparability scale!

Teardown Step 10: The Samsung Galaxy Watch4 and the Galaxy Watch4 Classic earn a ***7 out of 10*** on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Opening is straightforward and requires some prying—but no heat. The batteries are easily accessible and use only mild adhesive. With a little heat, the display of the Watch4 Classic can be removed without any additional tools. Only two types of screws are used, although the back cover screws are uncommon tri-points. The watches are both very modular, with only the rear sensors being buried inaccessibly in the back cover. The display of the Watch4 sits stubbornly in the frame and seems impossible to remove without damaging it.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: Use a P5 Pentalobe driver to remove the four 2.2 mm‑long screws securing the sensor assembly.

Repair Step 4: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the sensor assembly for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 5: Insert an iFlex in the seam between the watch frame and the top edge of the sensor assembly to create a gap. Carefully twist the iFlex to widen the gap. Don't apply too much force, or you'll cause the sensor assembly to pop off and tear the sensor assembly cables.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick into the gap you created. Do not insert the opening pick deeper than 3 mm to avoid tearing the sensor assembly cables. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner of the sensor assembly and along the right edge to slice its adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and along the bottom edge to slice the rear assembly adhesive.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening around the bottom left corner and along the left edge to slice the remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 10: ***In the following steps, the band release buttons and springs may fall out. Be careful during the disassembly, as they are very easy to lose.*** The band release buttons are equipped with a tiny spring on each end. The springs are mandatory for the buttons to function properly. During reassembly, make sure each band release button has its two springs, and the buttons are repositioned in their recesses. If a band release button falls out and the springs aren't on the button, they may have gotten stuck in the watch during disassembly. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove them from the watch and place them upright into their recess on the button for reassembly.

Repair Step 11: The sensor assembly is connected to the watch body with two cables. One of the cables is extremely short and its connector will automatically disconnect when lifting the sensor assembly. To reconnect the [link| press connector|new_window=true] during reassembly, line up the sensor assembly to the frame and squeeze gently. Carefully lift the top edge of the sensor assembly with your opening pick until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the sensor assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 12: Be careful not to strain the sensor assembly cable when you lift the assembly up. Lift the sensor assembly and carefully pull it towards the bottom edge of the watch. Swing the sensor assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 13: The band release button near the sensor assembly cable is equipped with [link| tiny spring on each end]. Be careful not to lose the button or its springs. Use a spudger to pry and disconnect the sensor assembly cable from its socket.

Repair Step 14: Remove the sensor assembly.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Use a Tri-point Y00 driver to unfasten the four screws on the back of the watch. Don’t worry about removing the screws, they will stay in place in the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a wider gap. Don't fully remove the back cover just yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 3: Lay the watch face down. Carefully lift the back cover up from the edge with the buttons to access the sensor connector. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket (marked red) is undamaged. If damaged replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew both side panel 2mm screws using the T3 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Firmly pry up the side panel using the plastic spudger to break the waterproof seal and lift the battery panel.

Repair Step 3: Gently pry up one edge of the battery with the plastic spudger.

Repair Step 4: Remove battery from its compartment with your fingers.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 4: Place the tip of an iFlex along the edge opposite the Digital Crown and position it in the seam between the screen and the frame. Press the iFlex firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. The gap between the screen and the frame is very small, and it makes inserting the iFlex difficult. Don't force the iFlex in, or you risk damaging the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again.

Repair Step 5: Use the iFlex to pry up the screen. The adhesive requires time and constant force to loosen—it probably won't loosen from the initial pry. Reheat the screen and keep applying constant force until the adhesive loosens.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick in the gap you created between the screen and the frame. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and stop just before the Digital Crown.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick into the seam at the top left corner of the watch. Slide the pick along the Action button edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and along the bottom edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and stop before you reach the side button.

Repair Step 12: Insert the opening pick between the screen and frame at the opposite edge of the Digital Crown. Pry up the screen until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the screen all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Be careful not to strain the screen cable when you swing open the screen. Lift the screen up and carefully pull it towards the Digital Crown. Swing the screen open to an upward position.

Repair Step 14: Use a Y000 driver to remove the two 2.3 mm‑long screws securing the metal connector bracket at the bottom edge of the watch.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the bottom connector bracket.

Repair Step 16: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector towards the battery. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 17: Use a Y000 driver to remove the 2.9 mm‑long screw securing the battery. Use a Y000 driver to unscrew the 2.1 mm‑long screw that's sandwiched between the metal bracket.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the bracket with the screw sandwiched between it. Although the screw sits nicely in the bracket, it’s not captive and can fall out.

Repair Step 19: Use an opening pick to lift up the battery. Remove the battery from the case. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the Tri-point screw securing the metal battery connector cover. Remove the cover.

Repair Step 9: Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up with the edge of a pry tool. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 1: In this guide, the wrist band of the Polar V800 is removed for a clear view of the back panel. If you find it helpful, you may want to remove the wrist strap. Please reference the guide for removal instructions if you wish to do so. Ensure your Polar V800 sports watch is powered off before continuing. Remove the eight, 7.4 millimeter-long screws on the back of the watch with a T5 head-type, torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Gently separate the watch housing from the back panel. The watch should come apart easily after removing the screws. If you experience difficulties separating the housing and and back cover, use a spudger to gently pry apart the back panel and the button and screen protector housing.

Repair Step 3: The waterproofing seal is the red, elastic band that surrounds the display of the watch. Remove the waterproofing seal. During reassembly, align the red seal in the groove surrounding the glass screen on the main watch housing to ensure a watertight seal.

Repair Step 1: Locate the sliding knobs on the underside of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Slide the knob inward.

Repair Step 3: Pull up at an angle to detach the strap from the faceplate. Repeat for the other side as well.

Repair Step 1: Place your thumbs on the ends of the screen. Push the watch outward while pulling the band away from the watch.

Repair Step 2: Heating the device with a hair dryer may warp the screen or damage the device. It it preferable to use an iOpener for this step. For step-by-step instructions on using an iOpener, see the [guide|11677]. Use a hair dryer, heat gun, or an iOpener to heat the Gear Fit for 1-2 minutes until it is hot to the touch.

Repair Step 3: The screen is connected to the device by a ribbon cable on the left side with the power button facing you. Do not try to completely separate the screen from the device yet, and be careful. Gently pry the screen loose using a plastic opening tool. If the screen doesn't easily come loose, more heating may be required

Repair Step 4: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] as a lever, pry the inner assembly out of the external casing. This will be harder than removing the screen. Moderate force may be required.

Repair Step 5: Disconnect the ribbon cables connecting the screen to the motherboard by lifting their metal connectors up off of the board with tweezers.

Repair Step 6: Gently peel the screen assembly up and away from the device using tweezers.

Repair Step 7: Three ribbon cables hold the motherboard to the rest of the assembly. The battery cable in the front. When reassembling the device, make sure the battery cable is securely connected. Moderate force may be required to push it in all the way. And two on the side. Using a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully pull each connector away to disconnect it from the rest of the assembly.

Repair Step 8: The motherboard is a segmented three piece construction. Use tweezers to first lift up, with a moderate amount of force, and free each ends of the motherboard from the assembly. Be sure to use ESD safe tweezers to prevent static discharge from zapping your device.

Repair Step 9: The motherboard should now be removable from the assembly. Use tweezers to lightly pry, lift, and remove the board by its middle section. If the motherboard is stuck it may be caught on the assembly. Wiggle it around to free it. You may also need to pull the edges of the assembly away from the motherboard to create space.

Repair Step 1: Remove the six T5 Torx 6.32mm screws securing the back cover to the watch.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back cover carefully. Even after the screws have been removed, the back cover can still be quite difficult to take off. Moderate to extensive prying may be required. Be gentle, but ''firm''.

Repair Step 3: Remove the orange gasket.

Repair Step 4: Remove the screen and motherboard assembly from the case.

Repair Step 5: Use a metal spudger to remove the golden retaining clip from the screen. There will be some adhesive to break.

Repair Step 6: Remove the screen from the golden metal clip.

Repair Step 7: Unhinge the black retaining hinge by prying it open with the metal spudger; Your fingernails will work as well.

Repair Step 8: Remove the connector from the motherboard by pulling it free at the base. Make sure to pull from the base of the connector wire, as it is very easy to rip the wire from the screen.

Repair Step 9: Remove the screen from the motherboard. Notice our tape retaining the connector to the screen. This is so easy to rip!

Repair Step 10: Remove the motherboard from the screen.

Repair Step 1: Clean with isopropyl and a cotton swab.

Repair Step 1: Begin by placing the watch on its side.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the flat end of the spudger to wedge between the small-headed pin (located on the band closest to the watch) to pull the pin up through the other side.

Repair Step 3: Pull the pin out, however not fully, feeling slight resistance is normal.

Repair Step 4: Finally, pull the wristband off. Repeat on the opposite side of the watch if necessary.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 4: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 6: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 7: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 8: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 9: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 10: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 11: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 13: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 14: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 15: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 16: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 17: Fold the screen up and over to the right, to expose the cables underneath.

Repair Step 18: The display and digitizer cable connectors are secured beneath a small metal bracket that is adhered to the speaker. Use a plastic opening tool to flip the bracket toward the display and up from the speaker. If you simply pry toward the watch band you may tear the cables.

Repair Step 19: Steady the bracket from the left side using your fingers or [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. At the same time, insert a small (1 mm) flathead screwdriver under the tiny tab on the right. Finally, place one finger behind the tab, and pinch the bracket ''hard'' between your finger and the screwdriver to detach the cover. This releases two slotted tabs that hold the cover to the bracket, and should free the cover. Prying the cover off can be challenging and may take more than one attempt. Be patient, and take care not to pull on the bracket or tear the attached cables.

Repair Step 20: Grab the cover with your tweezers and slide it toward the top of the watch to free the final slotted tab, and remove the cover.

Repair Step 21: Carefully pry up to disconnect the display data and digitizer cables. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity. Remove the display.

Repair Step 22: Use a to remove the single tri-point screw securing the Force Touch sensor connector cable. This screw is very small and strips easily. Keep your driver at the correct angle and ''push'' to apply pressure to the screw as you turn.

Repair Step 23: Use a plastic opening tool to flip the Force Touch sensor cable connector straight down, disconnecting it.

Repair Step 24: Microwave your iOpener for another 30 seconds, and apply it to the front of the watch case to soften the adhesive securing the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 25: Use a plastic opening pick and [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the Force Touch sensor from the case.

Repair Step 26: Use tweezers to peel up any adhesive left behind on the lower case. Clean all traces of adhesive (and broken glass, if any) thoroughly from the case before re-sealing your watch. Scour the case using the tip of an opening tool or spudger wrapped in a lint-free cloth or coffee filter, along with a little isopropyl alcohol (90% concentration or greater). Don't rush this step. Even a small amount of residue can prevent your display from bonding to the case, causing it to come loose over time.

Repair Step 27: If you're re-using your existing screen, this is a good time to remove the old adhesive from there as well. (If you're installing a new screen, ignore this step.) Use a plastic opening tool to scrape off the old adhesive around the edge of the screen. If possible, peel off larger pieces using tweezers. Thoroughly clean the area under the adhesive with isopropyl alcohol.

Repair Step 28: Set your new Force Touch sensor face-down (with the connector pins facing away from you). Peel off and discard the first protective liner, exposing the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 29: With the exposed adhesive facing down, carefully align the Force Touch sensor and place it into the watch case. Be sure to properly orient it, with the connector in the lower left corner, facing up.

Repair Step 30: Gently but firmly press the Force Touch sensor into place all around the perimeter of the watch case.

Repair Step 31: Use tweezers to fold the Force Touch sensor cable connector back up onto its socket. Then use a plastic opening tool to press the cable connector into the socket.

Repair Step 32: Replace the Y000 tri-point screw securing the Force Touch sensor connector cable.

Repair Step 33: Use a plastic opening tool to reconnect the display data and digitizer cable connectors. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity.

Repair Step 34: Set the display connector bracket cover in place and slide it lengthwise to secure the large slotted tab at one end. Press down on the cover to click the two smaller tabs at the other end into place.

Repair Step 35: Line the battery connector up with its mate on the cable inside the watch body. Use tweezers to press the two connectors together.

Repair Step 36: If you're using a replacement battery that came with pre-installed adhesive, peel off the protective tab now, exposing the adhesive. If needed, try re-using the existing adhesive to secure the battery. Alternatively, try a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as . Rotate the battery down into its slot, and press it into position. Press the battery down against the system board to re-adhere it in place. Now is the best time to test powering on your watch and test the force touch function—if it doesn't turn on, double check all three connectors and try again.

Repair Step 37: Use tweezers to peel up the adhesive liner. Peel the liner up halfway, then snip it with scissors so you can peel the rest off without it snagging on the display.

Repair Step 38: Move the screen back to the right, folding the display data and digitizer cables neatly. Center the screen over the case and press it down firmly onto the adhesive.

Repair Step 39: For best results, detach the watch band and wrap a couple rubber bands around the Apple Watch's case to help the adhesive bond correctly.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the force touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the force touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Carefully lift the display open like a book.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 4: With the watch laying face-down, locate the four screws. They are located on the back of the watch, at the four corners.

Repair Step 5: Using a Torx-T5 screwdriver, remove each of the four 4mm screws and set them aside.

Repair Step 6: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the top edge of the watch’s back cover.

Repair Step 7: With the watch’s back cover pried loose, gently lift it away from the front half of the watch.

Repair Step 8: Lay both halves of the watch body assembly face down (with internal components facing up).

Repair Step 9: Locate the battery on the back half of the disassembled watch body. It is rectangular in shape and located just above the window for the heart monitor.

Repair Step 10: Locate the battery’s electrical contacts. They are located next to the heart rate monitor. They roughly form a “+” shape. Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry the contacts away from the plastic channel in which they fit.

Repair Step 11: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the battery. Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry the battery up. If replacing the battery, please dispose of it properly. Do not throw the battery in the trash. Contact your local municipality for locations which accept lithium-ion batteries for disposal or recycling.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Use a Tri-point Y00 driver to unfasten the four screws on the back of the watch. Don’t worry about removing the screws, they will stay in place in the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a wider gap. Don't fully remove the back cover just yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 3: Lay the watch face down. Carefully lift the back cover up from the edge with the buttons to access the sensor connector. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket (marked red) is undamaged. If damaged replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the flex cables of the side buttons, the display and the hall sensor.

Repair Step 6: Remove the Phillips #00 screw.

Repair Step 7: The motherboard is held in place by two small plastic clips. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020-4|blunt tweezers] to lift the motherboard out from underneath the plastic clips towards the buttons. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Place the flat end of a supdger in the small gap between the plastic frame and the battery, opposite to the display cable. Carefully lever the battery up and out of its recess. The battery is adhered to the core with light adhesive, so take your time. Don't try to remove the battery completely yet, as its connector is still adhered to the core.

Repair Step 9: Lift the battery up a little in order to access its glued down connector cable. Use a pair of blunt tweezers to lift up the battery connector which is secured with some light adhesive. You will most likely be able to re-use the adhesive to fix the new battery in place. If not replace it with . Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Using two T6 screwdrivers, remove the old strap. Turn the right hand screw anti-clockwise. This is the shorter of the two. Two screwdrivers are needed to hold one screw in place while you turn the other one.

Repair Step 2: With the small screw removed, you can use one of the screwdrivers to push out the long bar securing the strap. Repeat this step for the other half of the strap.

Repair Step 3: With both of the old straps off, you can now fit the new one. Slide the long bar through the watch and the strap, then attach the small screw back into it. You will need to use both screwdrivers again (one to hold a screw in place, the other to turn.

Repair Step 1: Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 4.2 mm screws securing the lower case. Gently pry the case open with a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] if the case will not release after removing the bolts. ***Do not remove the lower case completely yet; this could damage cables connected to the lower case.***

Repair Step 2: Raise the cover without straining the connected ribbon cable. Disconnect the ribbon cable from the motherboard with a halberd spudger.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the right (small, black head) and bottom right (wide, orange head) ribbon cables. No need to disconnect the left or bottom left ribbons.

Repair Step 4: Gently remove the motherboard using a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger]. The best area to pry is at the bottom of the motherboard, right under one of the ribbons that was just disconnected.

Repair Step 5: While pushing the Multi-Action Button inwards, use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the c-clamp holding the button in place. The c-clamp is a very tiny object, be cautious of losing it. Remove the Multi-Action Button.

Repair Step 6: Insert the new Multi-Action Button in place of the older Multi-Action Button. Attach the c-clamp back around the Multi-Action Button while it is being pushed inwards.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four Torx T2 screws (4.5 mm length).

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the four plastic covers sitting next to the watch band holders.

Repair Step 4: Insert an opening tool into the gap between the back cover and the watch case at the bottom edge of the back cover. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover of the Huawei Watch 2. Do not remove the back cover assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully fold the back cover assembly to the opposite side of the two watch crowns.

Repair Step 6: Remove the Phillips #00 screw (1.8 mm length).

Repair Step 7: The heart rate sensor flex cable is attached to the metal shield which covers the battery connector. In order to avoid damage to the flex cable, only grab the metal shield on the bottom end where the Phillips screw was located. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove the metal shield. Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Remove the two Phillips #00 screws (1.8 mm length).

Repair Step 10: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal shield covering the display and the digitizer flex cables.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the digitizer flex cable.

Repair Step 12: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 13: Avoid damaging the resistors on top of the motherboard during the following removal procedure. The motherboard and the battery assembly are held together by two screws on the bottom of the motherboard. In order to replace the battery assembly, you need to pry the full assembly out of the watch frame. Insert the pointed end of a spudger into the recess at the bottom right corner of the white battery frame. Use the spudger to pry up the right corner of the assembly consisting of the battery and the motherboard.

Repair Step 14: Insert the pointed end of a spudger into the recess at the bottom left corner of the white battery frame. Use the spudger to pry up the left corner of the assembly consisting of the battery and the motherboard.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the battery and motherboard assembly.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the black rubber gasket from the microphone next to the top right corner of the battery.

Repair Step 17: Remove the two Phillips screws (1.8 mm length) from the bottom of the motherboard.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the motherboard from the battery assembly. At this point during reassembly make sure that the flex cable on the bottom side of the battery assembly is connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 19: Before reassembly check your new part for any components that might need to be transferred from the old one.

Repair Step 1: Push on the band in order to expose the pins Using ***[product|IF145-020|tweezers]***, remove the pins, one on each side, in order to only leave the face of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Using plastic opening tools, carefully pry open the back cover of the the watch. Use the little hatch on the bottom portion of the watch in order to easily pry open the watch

Repair Step 3: Using a PH000 screwdriver, remove the three screws in order to release the motherboard from the watch. Do not lose the three screws! Keep them somewhere you will remember! A magnetic mat can help with this. Using plastic opening tools, remove the four connectors attached to the motherboard

Repair Step 4: Using the plastic opening tools, carefully lift up the motherboard. IGNORE THIS STEP IF ONLY REMOVING MOTHERBOARD: Use the plastic opening tools to carefully remove the battery

Repair Step 5: Now that you have removed the motherboard and battery, it is time to remove the dock connector. Using a PH000 screwdriver, remove the two screws in order to release the dock connector from the watch. Do not lose the two screws! Keep them somewhere you will remember! A magnetic mat can help with this.

Repair Step 6: Once the screws are removed, the dock connector is free to be moved. Gently lift the dock connector away from the frame and you will now be able to see the screen. The watch's screen is stuck to the back of the glass with an adhesive so be tedious when pulling it off.

Repair Step 1: They juicy top of the motherboard offers the following silicon: GF2EE1-16G-X 2 GB LPDDRx SDRAM Memory ??? (manufacturer?) with HiSilicon Hi6262 Kirin 710 Application Processor layered underneath HiSilicon Hi6556 GFCV100 likely Power Management IC HiSilicon Hi6D05 Power Amplifier Module [link| AG3335SD RFSoC GPS receiver] HiSilicon Hi1132—which is basically the [link| A1] (running an ARM Cortex-M7-SoC) w/ Bluetooth controller [link| Instruments BQ25601 single cell battery charger] What we don’t see is a Hi6262 / Kirin 710

Repair Step 2: part 2 HiSilicon Hi6353 RF transceiver HiSilicon Hi6H03S LNA/RF switch STMicroelectronics [link|] NFC controller Omnivision Group (formerly Will Semiconductor) [link|] 2:1 SPDT analog switch Cirrus Logic CS35L36A audio amplifier X-Powers [link|] 2-ch. audio capture analog-to-digital converter HiSilicon Hi656211 power management

Repair Step 3: CMJRD11G04G 16 GB NAND Flash (likely) Ambiq Micro [link|] Apollo4 SoC Runic RS7222 USB 2.0 DPDT Analog Switch (maybe ?)

Repair Step 1: Use your finger or the tip of a spudger to compress the pin securing the watch band. With the pin compressed, remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool to into the small notch next to the microphone hole. Slide the opening tool around the perimeter of the trim ring while prying up slightly to slice through the adhesive securing the ring to the watch. If the trim ring does not readily separate from the watch, heat it with an iOpener or hair dryer to soften the adhesive. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool to slowly pry the button trim ring straight up. If you bend or rotate the trim ring while removing it, you may damage the small pins that secure it. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 4: Use a small pin spanner to unscrew the button. If you don't have access to the proper spanner, you can use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], a very small screwdriver, or a paperclip to unscrew the button assembly. Insert your chosen tool into one of the grooves around the button and push sideways. There is blue thread locker on these threads, so light heat on the button may help to soften the thread locker. Remove the button. There is a small red o-ring that may fall off the button threads when the button is removed. Make sure not to lose the o-ring.

Repair Step 5: While holding the outer case steady, twist the inner watch assembly clockwise until it stops.

Repair Step 6: Hold the outer watch case steady and push against the bottom of the inner assembly to remove the inner assembly from the frame. It should not take much force to push the inner assembly out of the watch frame. If it seems stuck, make sure that you've rotated the inner assembly far enough to release it from the frame.

Repair Step 7: Use a fingernail or opening tool to pry the plastic lower assembly away from the display assembly. Do not completely separate the lower assembly from the display assembly yet. There is a cable connecting the two that must be disconnected first.

Repair Step 8: Use tweezers to remove the small rubber strip between the battery and the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to lift the locking flap on the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 10: Lift the display cable straight out of its connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Place the screen frame on a solid surface on its back, put even pressure down across the screen to put it out of the back of the frame, warming it will help loosen the adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening pick into the recess between the watch frame and the top edge of the back cover. Push the opening pick to create a gap between the back cover and the watch frame.

Repair Step 4: Twist the opening pick to widen the gap between the back cover assembly and the watch frame. Pry upward to loosen the back cover assembly. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully lift up the bottom edge of the back cover assembly to make sure it isn't adhered to the watch frame anymore. Avoid straining or tearing the sensor or battery cables.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back cover assembly and carefully bring it into an upright position next to the watch housing.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 9: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to disconnect the right display cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to disconnect the left display cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 12: Carefully slide an opening pick underneath the display cable to separate it from the motherboard. Use your opening pick to fold the display cable in an upright position.

Repair Step 13: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 14: Insert a spudger underneath the edge of the motherboard opposite to the watch buttons. Pry up to loosen the motherboard.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 16: Apply a heated iOpener to the screen for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 17: Insert an iFlex into the gap between the watch frame and the screen.

Repair Step 18: Slide the iFlex around the screen to cut through the display adhesive.

Repair Step 19: Twist the iFlex to pry up the screen and to separate it from the watch housing.

Repair Step 20: Remove the screen.

Teardown Step 1: Ladies and gentlemen, the Apple Watch has arrived. But before we get down to the brass tacks, here's a quick overview of the tech specs: Pressure-sensitive, flexible, touchscreen AMOLED Retina display One model measuring 38 mm (vertically) with 272 x 340 pixels (290 ppi), the other model measuring 42 mm (vertically) with 312 x 390 pixels (302 ppi) Custom-designed Apple S1 [link|] (System in Package) 8 GB onboard storage NFC + Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n + Bluetooth 4.0 Accelerometer + gyroscope + heart rate monitor + microphone + speaker Watch OS

Teardown Step 2: So ends . The Apple Watch has arrived, and our first course of action is to unbox it. While we'd hoped to find a golden ticket inside, we'll settle for the next best thing: the Apple Watch Sport, complete with its Sport Band, charging cradle, and power adapter. A big thanks to [link| Australia|new_window=true], who let us use their digs in Melbourne for this teardown-down-under. They stock Mac and iPhone upgrades/accessories, and also carry our [product|IF145-072|iFixit toolkits|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 3: We were all set to disassemble the Apple Watch until we got distracted by a fancy graphic visualization. '''', pretty colors. Not sure how to fasten that fancy Sport Band? Have no fear—Apple included instructions right on the back of the band! There's no need for pesky charging cables—the Apple Watch features MagSafe inductive charging technology, which allows it to magnetically attach to the charger. Apple also touts that it is a "...completely sealed system free of exposed contacts."

Teardown Step 4: We turn our attention to the back of the case, where we find a composite cover with hard-coated, optical polymer lenses protecting a set of LEDs and photodiodes. The specially designed heart rate sensor uses a combination of infrared and visible-light sensors to gauge your heart rate. Unlike the Apple Watch Sport, the back cases of the Apple Watch and the Apple Watch Edition feature a cover with sapphire lenses. Opposite the Digital Crown, we find the microphone and speaker ports.

Teardown Step 5: Before , we'll try something non-destructive: removing the band. Pressing this button on the back case releases a spring-loaded metal peg in the band, allowing it to slide right out. If you're looking forward to swapping out bands, there's not much to it, physically. However, Apple would prefer that you only use bands . No Link Bracelets on your Watch Sport, please. The Sport Band is all plastic—or, more accurately, —with no metal watch band pins. Assembled in China!

Teardown Step 6: Hidden inside the Sport Band slot, we spot a mysterious cover—a door of sorts. What is the door for? Where does it lead? We may never know...but it looks like the . Taking a closer look at the side of the Apple Watch, we find the model number: A1553. The Apple Watch comes in : A1553 for the 38 mm case, and A1554 for the 42 mm case.

Teardown Step 7: Unfazed by the lack of external screws, we reattach the Sport Band for extra leverage and whip out an iOpener to negotiate our way into the belly of this beast. Forgoing our traditional opening tools, we give this display all the [link|] our [product|IF145-185|Tech Knife|new_window=true] can muster. We move in with our opening pick to finish things off. Let's hope this doesn't get as [guide|39841|messy|stepid=89842|new_window=true] as Apple's ''other'' flagship release.

Teardown Step 8: We gingerly lift up the display, expecting a snaggle of cables—namely, the display and digitizer cables. Disconnecting the display isn't easy, as the display cables are trapped under a springy bracket (not unlike the [guide|17383|Touch ID cable cover|stepid=52330|new_window=true] of the iPhone 5s). Our teardown engineers are watching out for such tricks... but ?

Teardown Step 9: Houston, we have . With the display panel removed, we quickly spy two highly-advertised Apple Watch features: the Taptic Engine and the Digital Crown. It looks like even the lowly Watch Sport gets a bit of glitzy gold. We expect that this is some kind of antenna, featuring Apple's [guide|39841|familiar gold treatment|stepid=89854|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 10: With this first photo, we take a moment to compare the internals of the Apple Watch with that of a classic mechanical watch as old as time itself. On the right, a pocket watch mechanism, circa 1890. (At 125 years old, it doesn't look a day over 39.) On the left, a smartwatch from 2015. Which of these will outlast the other? Although we're still dealing with a watch, this second photo makes it clear that the tools required for routine repairs have very much changed with the times. You're already familiar with our friends on the left: opening pick, tweezer, driver, and tech knife. On the right, the tool with the Mickey Mouse ears is none other than a pallet fork tool. To its immediate right, we've got a pin vise. Below that, a roller jewel shlacking tool... ...and to its right, ''[product|IF145-020|tweezers]''! Some things really don't change. (Though our resident watchmaker informs us that it's perhaps more accurately called "the lazy man's screw holder.")

Teardown Step 11: A quick flick of a plastic opening tool is all it takes to dispatch the light adhesive securing the battery. This wee 3.8 V, 0.78 Wh lithium-ion battery is the power behind the 38 mm Apple Watch. No gears here! Apple claims the 205 mAh battery should provide up to 18 hours of use (which translates to 6.5 hours of audio playback, 3 hours of talk time, or 72 hours of Power Reserve mode.) According to Apple, the "battery performance claims are based on test results from the 38 mm Apple Watch. A 42 mm Apple Watch typically experiences longer battery life." A 205 mAh battery seems miniscule in comparison to the 300 mAh batteries found in the [guide|28891|Moto 360|stepid=68745|new_window=true] and [guide|27038|Samsung Gear Live|stepid=66770|new_window=true]. Hopefully, Apple's Watch OS will help the battery stand the test of time and avoid the problems that initially the Moto 360.

Teardown Step 12: As we work our way to the S1 SiP, we encounter the tiniest tri-point screws we've ever seen. No, It's rare that we don't have the right tool for the job, but even our teensiest bit isn't up to snuff. We've never been thwarted before—so it's time for some . Achievement unlocked.

Teardown Step 13: Given the limited amount of inside the Apple Watch, we find the microphone ribbon cable creatively ensnared between the inner and outer layers of the case.

Teardown Step 14: It's time to remove the Taptic Engine, which is attached at the hip to the speaker. The Taptic Engine is Apple's take on the . It creates motion in a straight line (as opposed to the circular motion of an electric motor), which in turn provides . It makes sense that the Taptic Engine is attached to the speaker. When combined with subtle audio cues from the specially engineered speaker driver, the Taptic Engine is designed to output a unique motion.

Teardown Step 15: The speaker comes equipped with an O-ring for water resistance. Like everything else in this device, . Apple's been touting Watch's . These gaskets help, but rapid temperature changes will cause any metal to shrink or expand and can compromise the integrity of these seals. For the spec geeks out there, IPX7 means that the Apple Watch can withstand up to 30 minutes of full submersion in up to 1 meter of water. Apple doesn't recommend testing those limits, stating that you can "...wear and use Apple Watch during exercise, in the rain, and while washing your hands, but submerging Apple Watch is not recommended."

Teardown Step 16: We carefully remove the antenna assembly, which is discreetly tucked into the recesses of the case. We're betting that this 'lil guy handles the Apple Watch's Wi-Fi and Bluetooth capabilities. Recent Apple patents suggest that part of the antenna assembly ''may'' be .

Teardown Step 17: What is this? ? Just like a miniature version of an iPhone, we find a button cable with a mechanical button. The little button even comes with a little button cover and gasket.

Teardown Step 18: We quickly dispatch two very small tri-point screws holding a tiny panel to the watch case. Behind the tiny panel we find a set of contacts that align perfectly with the location of the hidden diagnostic port. Not wanting to make , we quickly dispatch this little connector. Still unable to remove the diagnostic port door, we resort to pushing it free through the little holes on the inside of the case. There's got to be an easier way to access the door than disassembling the whole watch—but we're not privy to Apple's secrets.

Teardown Step 19: We remove the Digital Crown bracket, the final obstacle keeping us from the S1 SiP. Cue the . We can feel the power as we slowly peel the ~~future of humanity~~ S1 out of the case. The back of the S1 isn't as pretty as the front—with ribbon cables running to every peripheral and gobs of adhesive gripping it in place, the chip leaves a nasty mess in its wake.

Teardown Step 20: Pulling this mess out is a destructive procedure, but after ripping out some soldered connectors we get our first real look at the S1. Despite (and hopes) of an upgradable product, the difficulty of removing the S1 alone casts serious doubt on the idea of simply swapping out the internals. Unfortunately, our first look is obstructed—that S1-emblazoned silver cap isn't a cap at all. It's a solid block of plasticky resin, hiding treasures deep within. '''Update''': has identified this small IC as the STMicroelectronics C451 gyroscope + accelerometer.

Teardown Step 21: After removing the S1, we go , and the display panel, to find a lonesome chip: Analog Devices ARM Cortex M3-based Touchscreen Controller Analysts have that of the Apple Watch's Retina display, and our best guess is that Watch is sporting a display made by LG. With some careful tweezing, we pull up what appears to be an ambient light sensor. We're betting that this is one of Apple's new . This allows for the sensor to be ''behind'' the display panel, as opposed to the traditional surface-mounted design seen on most smartphones and tablets.

Teardown Step 22: The Digital Crown seems to have an encoder system, like the [guide|13818|Nest Thermostat|stepid=46272|new_window=true], to read the spinning of the dial. work by translating the angular position of a shaft into analog or digital code that computers can understand. The encoder branches off of the button cable, along with the single push button and the diagnostic port contacts. All these peripherals leave us wondering whether Apple has any intention of offering an upgrade program for the Apple Watch. Stripping out the internals will be difficult and time-consuming—not the sort of thing your local Genius is equipped to handle, but we suppose Apple could provide a mail-order option.

Teardown Step 23: Scraping the bottom of the ~~barrel~~ watch case, we find the pulse-pounding sensor action. And lenses. Apple's heart rate monitor is actually a —it , but Apple isn’t claiming it can measure your blood oxygen level. Why? ''Beats us''. Our best guesses involve . Nestled in the case we also find a magnet, to help seat the watch on its inductive charger. ''Electrifying.'' We find a [guide|28891|familiar looking|stepid=68739|new_window=true] coil of wire resting in the composite cover. We're guessing this is the inductive charging coil. '''Update''': has identified the Texas Instruments OPA2376 Precision, low noise, low quiescent current Op Amp as part of the sensor package.

Teardown Step 24: Don't touch that dial! We're not done quite yet. Apple's inductive charger is a , and we're always itching to open their newest adapters. Officially known as the , it features a 6.7 mm thick cradle with a diameter of 28 mm. After some heat, we try to pry, and end up ripping up the back case of the mag-safe-ish charger. To find it filled to the brim with glue!

Teardown Step 25: We cut away the housing to get at the little glue cake (complete with magnetic center). After peeling away the weight, we find some markings, but that's about it. Apple has been notably absent from the ongoing fray over wireless charging standards. Some have speculated that Apple has been method for inductive charging. Recent Apple patents covering an support these hypotheses.

Teardown Step 26: Apple Watch Repairability Score: '''5 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) While not an industry standard, the watch band is easily removed and swapped out for a replacement. Removing the screen is difficult, but not impossible—it's the first component out, simplifying replacement. Once you're inside, the battery is quite easy to remove—only mild adhesive holds it in place. While not proprietary, incredibly tiny tri-point screws are a repair hinderance—especially when Torx or Phillips could have been used. Removing any other component is essentially impossible—all peripheral cables are soldered onto the back of the S1. The fully encased S1 system makes board-level repairs impossible.

Teardown Step 27: But wait, there's more! For a limited time only, view one teardown, and get a second one free. You heard us, 100% absolutely free! Meet the true Apple Watch: the Stainless Steel model. Curiously enough, the standard Apple Watch has an entirely different box than the Watch Sport. This may be to accommodate the that can't be laid out flat like the Sport Band.

Teardown Step 28: Having perfected our pick procedure, we pop the hood on the Apple Watch Stainless Steel. No surprises here. The same clips and connectors greet us inside. It looks like not too much has changed. The mounting bracket for the Digital Crown looks significantly more substantial, and the bottom features ''gold'' tri-point screws. That's all for now—but we're not done yet. With several mysteries left, iFixit will be back soon with more analysis. For a few mysteries revealed, check out our !

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Use the T5 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four silver 2mm x 3mm T5 screws that hold the back cover in place.

Repair Step 4: Slide the opening pick between the rear case and the rest of the device to separate the two halves. Gently pull the two halves apart.

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the gasket that lies embedded in a groove that runs around the perimeter of the front half.

Repair Step 1: Use your finger or the tip of a spudger to compress the pin securing the watch band. With the pin compressed, remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool to into the small notch next to the microphone hole. Slide the opening tool around the perimeter of the trim ring while prying up slightly to slice through the adhesive securing the ring to the watch. If the trim ring does not readily separate from the watch, heat it with an iOpener or hair dryer to soften the adhesive. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool to slowly pry the button trim ring straight up. If you bend or rotate the trim ring while removing it, you may damage the small pins that secure it. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 4: Use a small pin spanner to unscrew the button. If you don't have access to the proper spanner, you can use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], a very small screwdriver, or a paperclip to unscrew the button assembly. Insert your chosen tool into one of the grooves around the button and push sideways. There is blue thread locker on these threads, so light heat on the button may help to soften the thread locker. Remove the button. There is a small red o-ring that may fall off the button threads when the button is removed. Make sure not to lose the o-ring.

Repair Step 5: While holding the outer case steady, twist the inner watch assembly clockwise until it stops.

Repair Step 6: Hold the outer watch case steady and push against the bottom of the inner assembly to remove the inner assembly from the frame. It should not take much force to push the inner assembly out of the watch frame. If it seems stuck, make sure that you've rotated the inner assembly far enough to release it from the frame.

Repair Step 7: Use a fingernail or opening tool to pry the plastic lower assembly away from the display assembly. Do not completely separate the lower assembly from the display assembly yet. There is a cable connecting the two that must be disconnected first.

Repair Step 8: Use tweezers to remove the small rubber strip between the battery and the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to lift the locking flap on the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 10: Lift the display cable straight out of its connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to gently pry the battery out of the case. The adhesive can be stubborn. If the battery does not come out initially, apply heat to soften the adhesive. If the shield over the motherboard comes off with the battery, use an opening pick to separate the battery and the shield, then snap the shield back onto the motherboard. Do not pull the battery all the way out after you separate it from the shield. There is a fragile battery cable that must be disconnected before the battery is completely removed.

Repair Step 12: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift out the grey plastic cover over the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector and disconnect the battery.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Be aware that a sharp tool easily scratches your watch housing when not handled with care. To avoid undesired scratches, take your time and work carefully rather than hastily. Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 7 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the knife or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to slice the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to slice the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 8: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 9: and apply it to the rear side of your Apple Watch for at least two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath the battery. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 10: From this point, the battery removal procedure for the 41 mm watch differs slightly from the 45 mm version. If you're replacing the battery for a 41 mm watch, continue with [link| step]. If you're replacing the battery for a 45 mm watch, continue with [link| step].

Repair Step 11: The following six steps show how to remove the battery from a '''41 mm''' Apple Watch Series 7. Insert an opening pick between watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or folding the the cable sharply when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black protective tape off the ZIF connector. Make sure to only peel the tape off the connector but avoid to remove it completely. Otherwise you have to replace the tape during reassembly.

Repair Step 14: Use one arm of your tweezers or the pointed end of a spudger to pry up the lock bar on the ZIF connector securing the battery cable.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to pull the battery cable out of the battery ZIF connector. During reassembly make sure to push the cable all the way back into the ZIF connector before locking the it. Reapply the black tape on top of the connector to secure the battery cable or replace it with new one. Otherwise the battery cable may slip out of the connector and your watch won't turn on.

Repair Step 16: Remove the battery. Do not reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. If you're reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. [guide|113604|Secure a new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place.

Repair Step 17: The following six steps show how to remove the battery from a '''45 mm''' Apple Watch Series 7. Insert an opening pick between watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 18: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or folding the the cable sharply when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 19: Use a Tri-Point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm-long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 20: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. Do not reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. If you're reusing your old battery, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. [guide|113604|Secure a new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place. During reassembly apply new adhesive where necessary after cleaning the relevant areas with isopropyl alcohol (>90%).

Repair Step 1: Pick any sides, and just wedge a flat pick to pop it open. Its held by gasket. I choose the top. work out well for me

Repair Step 2: Try to keep some of the gaskets on the right, some will be tangle up, you can cut those out. The pin connectors on the left, they are not glue down so if you drop them, just put them back

Repair Step 3: Use the pull tab to pull out the battery.. if it doesn't pull out, wedge something under it.. the one I had was pretty weak, pulled out easier.

Repair Step 4: Battery is out.

Repair Step 5: New vs old. Just bend the new battery connector similar to the old battery

Repair Step 6: From the old connector, transfer the double side tape and put it into the new battery

Repair Step 7: Place the new battery in and match the battery pigtail to the watch case. There are 2 dimples where you match to the pig tale. Once all the parts are secure, just snap the face back and do a test. Make sure everything still works, calling, texting, touch screen.

Repair Step 8: BL-S5 is the battery part number

Teardown Step 1: I was able to get at the electronics by bending the strap and prying the hard plastic enclosure out with a sharp utility razor. Note the 4 metal pads where the USB interface connects - we'll come back to those. The Vivosmart is waterproof rated up to 5 ATM so accessing the electronics is not easy. Keep prying and picking away and it will come out eventually. The electronics will eventually come out in one enclosed package and you'll be left with a flexible strap with a translucent insert. Note the feel of the strap - Garmin possibly used a soft rather than the stickier feeling commonly used in other wearable devices.

Teardown Step 2: Here's the electronics enclosure, with silicone sealant all around the edges. Looking at the side - the flex connectors go up from the PCB to the display. One for the OLED array and one for... stay tuned. Clear away a whole bunch more of the sealant with your razor blade and the clear plastic cover can be pried off to reveal the PCB.

Teardown Step 3: Now to take a look at that display... The flexible display strip can be peeled away from the clear rigid plastic. A closer look at the display strip reveals that it can be further split into two strips. One is a 128 x 16 OLED display. The other is a capacitive touch sensor. Note in pic 3 that there are 4 sensing pads on the capacitive touch sensor - this allows you to select menu items and swipe

Teardown Step 4: To remove the electronics from the hard plastic base we need to dig out a lot more sealant. I first pried up the end of the PCB near the USB interface. Notice the spring contacts coming from the 4 USB conductor pads - these come in contact with pads on the PCB. Finally (pic 2) the electrical assembly is free! Three rigid boards connected by flex. Check out the antenna built into the flex circuitry - looks like a . You can keep prying and release the 70mAh Li-ion battery and buzzer.

Teardown Step 5: Now let's see what kinds of ICs are being used: Nordic low power RF SoC. Used for Bluetooth LE. Cypress capacitive touch controller. Maxim wearable charge management IC. Assumed to be an ARM Cortex-M microcontroller. Freescale, the manufacturer, is no longer in business, as it was purchased by NXP recently - this makes it hard to look up the marking. There are all kinds of test points visible on the back. Garmin must do a pretty thorough QA. Looking side-on, you can see that the flex circuitry is sandwiched between two sets of rigid PCB.

Teardown Step 6: While we're at it, let's take a quick look at some of the mechanical parts. First, the rigid (probably ABS) injection molded base plate for the electronics. The plastic strap lock has a brushed aluminum plate crimped to it with the Garmin logo embossed. Nice touch! A close look at the strap holder reveals part lines on the inside and outside - probably a multi pull mold. (really hard to see here - sorry). Now that your Vivosmart is all torn down... it's probably not going back together again easily. Hopefully this guide saved you from pulling yours apart.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wristband by sliding the metal pins located on both sides of the wrist band, and pulling the wristband off.

Repair Step 2: Use a T5 Torx Screwdriver to remove the 4 (0.4 mm) screws located on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Slide the opening tool in between the two halves of the case and slide along the edge of the watch while gently prying the back cover away from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery ribbon cable off of the back cover. Avoid damaging the gold terminals on the ribbon cable. When reassembling, make sure that the yellow strip snaps back on to the black pin. The pin is located, and marked on the picture. Pull up on the tab that says, “Pull”, the battery will lift straight out.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 6.7mm JIS #00 screws from the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Pull off the back cover of the watch Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to flip up the retaining flap on the ribbon cable [guide|25629|ZIF|stepid=64969] socket. Remove the ribbon cable from its socket.

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 3.8mm JIS #00 screws from the motherboard. Remove the motherboard with tweezers

Repair Step 4: Remove the screen using [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 1: Opening the Mi Watch will compromise its waterproof seals. Have replacement seals ready before you proceed past this step, or take care to avoid liquid exposure if you reassemble your watch without replacing the seals. Before starting the disassembly, turn off your watch. Remove the four 3.2 mm-long T3 Torx screws on the back of the watch. A T3 screwdriver has a tight fit on these screws and might require a bit more downward pressure to unfasten the screws. A T2 fits as well but poses the risk to strip the screw heads.

Repair Step 2: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the loudspeaker opening at the top edge of the rear case assembly. Push the spudger upwards to create a small gap between the rear case assembly and the watch housing.

Repair Step 3: Insert your spudger into the gap and pry up the rear case assembly. Only work with the edge of your spudger and do not insert it deeper than 3 mm. Steady the rear case assembly with a finger to prevent it from suddenly popping open and damaging the flex cable. Don’t try to remove the rear case assembly all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a thin flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing open the rear case assembly by folding the rear case to the side with the watch buttons. Avoid straining the flex cable during this procedure.

Repair Step 1: Before starting the repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a T2 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 3.6 mm screws securing the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool in the seam on the top edge between the back cover assembly and the watch case. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover assembly of your Huawei Watch GT 2 (42 mm). Don't fully remove the back cover assembly just yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing the back cover assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Before you start the procedure, confirm the model of your device, which is located in the fitting region of the wristband. Ex: A1889 In the fitting region, you can also check the serial number of the watch. It's necessary to note the device's serial number to issue a Technical Report Test 1 - Place on white canvas to check for spots or lines. If the screen is too cracked, it won't be possible to check for spots or lines before the procedure.

Repair Step 2: Before starting the procedure, remove the device from the charger and turn it off. If the touchscreen is damaged, you can turn it off using the side buttons. Press and hold the two side buttons. When the Apple logo appears, release the circular button and hold down the other button. When the Apple logo disappears, release the other button. The Apple Watch will be turned off.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding the back cover to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use the flat end of a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the flex cable of the crown buttons.

Repair Step 9: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch.

Repair Step 10: Place the corner of the flat end of a spudger [link| the plastic frame|new_window=true], on the opposite side of the display connector. Twist and tilt the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing.

Repair Step 11: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing. Use your nail to push the small silver ball bearing on the right side downward. If your nails aren't sharp enough, you can use a sharp pointed object such as a toothpick or pen. While the ball is pressed down, pull the wristband outwards until the strap is disconnected from the main frame. For reassembly, hold the ball down and then wedge each pin on the wristband into the pin holes of the main frame. Follow the same steps for the ball on the left side, except this time push the ball upwards and then pull outwards.

Repair Step 1: If your Apple Watch Ultra is charging, unplug it from the charger, or this procedure won't work. Press and hold both the side button and Digital Crown simultaneously. Continue holding both buttons while the Apple Watch reboots.

Repair Step 2: When you see the Apple logo, release the Digital Crown and continue holding the side button. When the Apple logo disappears, release the side button.

Repair Step 3: The Apple Watch is now powered off.

Repair Step 1: Contains small springs and ball bearings. We suggest working over a plate or tray. Hold the watch firmly in one hand, face up. Place the iFixit Opening Tool under the bezel ring and use prying motion to remove. The plastic retainer is manufactured with an open gap, you did not break it. For reassembly, set the plastic retainer in the ring, then press the ring down until it snaps in place.

Repair Step 1: Insert a standard paper clip into the holes on both sides of the watch that connect the watch's face with the wrist strap.

Repair Step 2: Apply an upward pressure to the holes until the locking pins release. Use precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the pins that connect the face with the strap.

Repair Step 3: Once the pins are released, the old wrist strap should snap off. Simply lock the new wrist strap into place.

Repair Step 4: Use the T5 head on the iFixit screwdriver to unscrew the four screws on the back of the watch’s face.

Repair Step 5: Gently remove the backing from the watch.

Repair Step 6: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently pry the golden sensor away from the battery. Remove battery using the plastic opening tools.

Repair Step 7: Detach the screen from the screen protector using a PH000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 8: Attach a new screen to the screen protector. Make sure that the charging port remains accessible, as it can easily become detached during the replacement.

Repair Step 1: Place your thumbs on the ends of the screen. Push the watch outward while pulling the band away from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. You can also [guide|157348|use a hair dryer|new_window=true], [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true], or hot plate, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 4: Place the tip of an iFlex along the edge opposite the Digital Crown and position it in the seam between the screen and the frame. Press the iFlex firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. The gap between the screen and the frame is very small, and it makes inserting the iFlex difficult. Don't force the iFlex in, or you risk damaging the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again.

Repair Step 5: Use the iFlex to pry up the screen. The adhesive requires time and constant force to loosen—it probably won't loosen from the initial pry. Reheat the screen and keep applying constant force until the adhesive loosens.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick in the gap you created between the screen and the frame. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 7: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 8: Insert the tip of the opening pick less than 2 mm to prevent damaging the antenna pin. Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and stop just before the Digital Crown.

Repair Step 9: Insert an opening pick into the seam at the top left corner of the watch. Slide the pick along the Action button edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and along the bottom edge of the watch to slice the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the bottom right corner and stop before you reach the side button.

Repair Step 12: Insert the opening pick between the screen and frame at the opposite edge of the Digital Crown. Pry up the screen until you can get a good grip with your fingers. Don't try to remove the screen all the way yet. It's still connected to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Be careful not to strain the screen cable when you swing open the screen. Lift the screen up and carefully pull it towards the Digital Crown. Swing the screen open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Wedge a plastic opening tool between band contacts.

Repair Step 2: Push in plastic opening tool until the components click and pop out of the holder. Repeat steps for other band.

Repair Step 3: Remove four 4mm screws using a PH000 screwdriver. Remove back plate.

Repair Step 1: Using a metal spudger gently pry the plastic outer case apart Pry open a little bit on each side before trying to open fully

Repair Step 2: Use the PH0 sized Phillips screwdriver to remove the three screws (2mm) holding the board to the cradle. Gently pry up with your hands to pull the board off. Don't grab directly on the USB port as you may loosen or bust the connections.

Teardown Step 1: Tools needed T5 screwdriver

Teardown Step 2: Remove pins securing the band

Teardown Step 3: Remove the four screws

Teardown Step 4: Pry open at the side near the rose gold ring

Teardown Step 5: The battery would be automatically disconnected

Teardown Step 6: Battery

Teardown Step 7: Remove ribbons connected to the board

Teardown Step 8: Complete disassembly

Repair Step 1: Grasp the body of the watch between your thumb and your index finger. Slide the band through its clasp.

Repair Step 2: Repeat step 1 for the next band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the Huawei Watch 3.

Repair Step 3: Locate the small notch at the top of the back cover. Use a Jimmy to pry open the back cover by twisting it. Using a sharp metal tool might cause cosmetic damage to the watch case. Covering the tool with a nitril glove can minimize the damage. Don’t remove the back cover just yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Insert the tip of an opening pick between the back cover and the case. Slide the opening pick around the back cover to loosen the gasket from the back cover.

Repair Step 5: There is a ribbon cable running from the back cover to the motherboard. Use an opening pick or your fingers to carefully lift the back cover open. Flip the back cover open away from the crown. You can prop up the back cover to minimize the stress on the ribbon cable.

Repair Step 6: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the battery bracket.

Repair Step 7: User a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the top of the battery bracket free from its screw socket. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 8: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector. The battery connector is the smallest of the three connectors.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 2.9 mm-long screw from the sensor bracket.

Repair Step 10: User a pair of tweezers to move the top of the sensor bracket free from a small latch near the case by rotating in inwards. Unhook the opposite side of the bracket and remove it.

Repair Step 11: Use the tip of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor connector. Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, an [link|] is needed to separate the two. '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the iFlex edge. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' If the opening procedure is performed incorrectly or with too much pressure, the glass could crack, sending small glass shards flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for three minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Take your time and work carefully to avoid scratching the watch body with your iFlex. Insert the iFlex into the thin gap between the display and frame at the edge adjacent to the digital crown. Tilt the iFlex down to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 8 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the iFlex or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert the tip of an opening pick into the gap you just created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge opposite to the watch crown to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the next short edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 8: When slicing the adhesive on the edge with the watch crown, only insert the opening pick 2–3 mm to prevent damaging the display cables. Slide the opening pick around the corner and toward the watch crown to slice the remaining adhesive. Don't try to fully remove the display yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you open the display. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upright position. To reseal your watch follow this [link| Apple Watch resealing guide].

Repair Step 10: and apply it to the rear glass for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath the battery. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 11: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Insert an opening pick into the gap between the watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet, as it‘s still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or sharply folding the cable when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Use a Tri-Point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm-long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 15: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Don‘t press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend and cause permanent damage.

Repair Step 16: Remove the battery. Don‘t reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. [link| a new battery with pre-cut adhesive] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the battery well at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery itself. Peel back any adhesive liners and press the new battery firmly into place. If you're reusing your old battery, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly.

Repair Step 17: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black protective tape off both display connectors. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power your watch back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 18: Use the tip of a spudger to flip up the small, hinged locking flap on the display .

Repair Step 19: and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the heat dissipation tape underneath. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 20: Slide an opening pick underneath the display cables to separate them from the screen.

Repair Step 21: Use a pair of blunt nose tweezers to pull both display cables out of the ZIF connectors. Avoid pulling on the watch assembly, or you may rip the display cables. During reassembly, you can reuse your old heat dissipation tape if it's in good condition. Otherwise, replace it with new tape.

Repair Step 22: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Use the T5 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four silver 2mm x 3mm T5 screws that hold the back cover in place.

Repair Step 4: Slide the opening pick between the rear case and the rest of the device to separate the two halves. Gently pull the two halves apart.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two black Phillips #000 2.5x3mm screws that are located on the right side of the metal clip.

Repair Step 6: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently lift the metal retaining clip up and out of the way.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to gently pry the battery up from the rear case. The battery is attached with a small amount of adhesive, so some force may be required.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold the ***home*** and ***back*** buttons together for at least 8 seconds. After about 3 seconds the watch will display a "***Power Off***" symbol. Don't let go of the buttons. Let go of the buttons when you see the watch restart.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch upside down on a hard surface so that its back case is facing upright. Use a T4 Torx Star screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm Torx screws from the corners of the back case.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to pry open the back case from both sides of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Remove the back case.

Teardown Step 1: Please welcome the Motorola Moto 360 to the grandest teardown stage of 'em all: ours. Tech specs: TI OMAP 3 processor 4 GB internal storage + 512 MB RAM 1.56" backlit LCD display with a resolution of 320 x 290 (205 ppi) Bluetooth 4.0 LE Pedometer + optical heart rate monitor + ambient light sensor Vibrator motor + dual microphones

Teardown Step 2: We at iFixit appreciate fine craftsmanship. The Moto 360 has some of the finest external craftsmanship we've ever seen on a smartwatch, featuring actual [guide|19490|stitching|new_window=true] and a wristband. The backside of the Moto 360 is marked with technical specifications in fun holographic text. The Moto 360 is built with corrosion-resistant [link| 316L Stainless Steel|new_window=true] and is IP67 water resistant. An means it is protected against immersion in up to a meter of water for 30 minutes.

Teardown Step 3: The Moto 360 is the first Android Wear smartwatch to ditch physical charging ports in favor of . This means that you can use any Qi charger that you might have lying around, as long as you can get the coils to line up correctly. It's been [link|] to use the official Motorola Moto 360 wireless charger that comes inside the box for best consistency, using 3rd party chargers only in a pinch. The lack of a physical port means that debugging will have to happen over Bluetooth. Thankfully, Google has provided for such a feature. Stay tuned, we'll be diving into the charging dock a bit later.

Teardown Step 4: Motorola claims that the Moto 360 ''should'' fit any standard 22 mm wristband. That said, the included instructions tell us replacing the band, or adjusting a metal band requires "specialized tools" and the skills of a jeweler. We had no trouble with our trusty [product|IF145-020|tweezers|new_window=true]. reports that "New RF techniques were also used to make custom metal wristbands that don’t interfere with the antennas of the watch itself", implying that third-party metal wristbands may cause interference. Looks like users hoping for a classy metal band will have to wait for the official fall release, or risk spotty connectivity.

Teardown Step 5: The adhesive in the Moto 360 is proving to be a real challenge, so we heat. We heat again. And finally, we heat some more. Just one more win for our champ, the [[Topic:iOpener|iOpener]]. The Moto 360 is living up to its IP67 standard. Even getting the plastic rear cover off is a huge pain—hopefully meaning you can rest assured that dust and water are staying out. Even though we were careful when prying with an opening pick to separate the rear cover, we managed to crack the cover right down the middle. Looks like we just lost our IP67 standard.

Teardown Step 6: With the rear cover removed, we get our first look at the (PPG) heart rate sensor. A PPG is generated by shining light onto your skin and measuring the reflected light, tracking blood flow and therefore your pulse. There are several markings as well: FCC ID: Anatel ID: 1510-14-0711 is a Brazilian government telecommunications agency that approves devices for marketing and sale in Brazil.

Teardown Step 7: The Moto 360's innards are sealed in tight. No easy point of entry and a rubber o-ring waterproof this oyster, but make it extra difficult to open. We suspect Motorola has a special tool for this job. For the rest of us, there's the [product|IF145-259|Jimmy|new_window=true]. Instead of a pearl, we find a round motherboard squeezed into the inner enclosure. A couple of data cables run to the front panel connecting the two halves. Disconnecting the LCD and digitizer cables frees the halves for more exploration.

Teardown Step 8: Any good water resistant watch will have some fancy seals. Our Moto 360 is no different, and it keeps water away from its innards with a colorful rubber o-ring. The o-ring is essentially a fancy rubber band. But for technical purposes, we will refer to it as a fancy rubber o-ring. After all, [guide|27613|we are professionals|stepid=67527|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 9: A bit of prying frees the motherboard assembly from the rear housing. A brassy semicircular ring surrounds the inner housing, providing a ground connection between the motherboard and outer bezel. If you take a close look at the motherboard assembly, you'll notice five spring contact pads that line up with openings through the rear housing—perhaps an access point for programming, testing, or hardware hackers. (Just peel up the FCC sticker under your watch band, without disassembling your Moto 360, to access these pins).

Teardown Step 10: Motorola has graciously included a pull tab to ease removing the Moto 360's battery. Considering the work it took to get here, it feels like a bit of a joke—sort of like handicap-accessible bathrooms on the second level of a store that has no elevator. Talk around the water cooler is that the Moto 360 suffers from an [link| battery life|new_window=true]. Let's compare its battery capacity with its competitors, the Samsung Gear Live and the LG G Watch: Motorola Moto 360: 3.8 V, 300 mAh battery rated at 1.1 Wh of energy. Samsung Gear Live: 3.8 V, 300 mAh battery rated at 1.14 Wh of energy. LG G Watch: 3.8 V, 400 mAh battery rated at 1.5 Wh of energy.

Teardown Step 11: There's something , because Motorola has marketed the Moto 360 as having a 320 mAh capacity battery, but the battery is clearly marked as 300 mAh. '''Update''': : ''"For Moto 360 we only had room for one figure and choose to list the minimal capacity of the battery. We see how this can be confusing and we will look into ways to add the typical capacity as well in the future."''

Teardown Step 12: After peeling off a (seemingly nondescript) backing sticker, we find a shiny inductive charging coil. The Moto 360 is the first Android Wear smartwatch to feature inductive charging. Previous Android Wear smartwatches like the [guide|27038|Samsung Gear Live|new_window=true] and the [guide|27037|LG G Watch|new_window=true] featured metal charging contacts. Inductive charging works by passing an alternating current through a transmitter coil (charging dock), which creates a magnetic field. This magnetic field then induces a voltage in the receiver coil (pictured here), which charges the battery.

Teardown Step 14: We finally find what's inside the Moto 360's delicious filling—lots of ICs: Texas Instruments Fixed-Point Digital Signal Processor Micron Technology [link| IT|new_window=true] (labeled as 2SB28 D9QRM) 4 Gb (512 MB) Mobile LPDDR Toshiba [link|] 4 GB e-MMC NAND Flash Texas Instruments USB 2.0 PHY Transceiver Atmel Capacitive Touchscreen Controller Texas Instruments Integrated Analog Front-End for Pulse Oximeters

Teardown Step 15: Layered underneath the Micron RAM we found a Texas Instruments [link|] (OMAP3630) OMAP 3 Applications Processor. We were a little...unimpressed by Motorola's pick. This is the same processor found in the [link| Droid 2|new_window=true], and the MOTOACTV, Motorola's first smartwatch—2010 and 2011 tech.

Teardown Step 16: The list of ICs continues: Wolfson Microelectronics [link|] Top Port Analogue Silicon Microphone Texas Instruments TPS659120 PMU for Processor Power Texas Instruments [link|] Integrated Wireless Power Li-ion Charger Receiver Texas Instruments WiLink Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Module Wolfson Microelectronics [link|] MEMS Microphones Bottom Port Analogue Silicon Microphone Solomon Systech [link|] MIPI Display Interface Controller On the flipside: an InvenSense Six-Axis (Gyro + Accelerometer) MEMS Motion Tracking Device

Teardown Step 17: We're back to heating and prying as we work to free the LCD. Just like before, it took a significant amount of heat to coax this LCD out of its ring. This isn't the special round display little birds were . We're guessing this difference probably has more to do with price than design. After all, round displays are not exactly dime-a-dozen. All this ring-around-the-rosie reminds us of a another [guide|13818|round|new_window=true] gizmo.

Teardown Step 18: After being freed from the rest of the watch, the display assembly is laid out in all its glory. We can't help but notice that it looks just like the , if it were missing a nacelle that is. The Moto 360 is the first Android Wear smartwatch to feature an ambient light sensor (for an auto-dimming screen). To save space, Motorola built the sensor into the display assembly, which explains the found on the bottom of the display.

Teardown Step 19: What secrets could the Moto 360's charging dock hold? Let's find out! With Jimmy in hand, we remove the charging dock's circular, rubber foot with ease. With a little help from our [product|IF145-239|Pro Tech Screwdriver Set|new_window=true], we remove four T5 screws that stand between us and inductive charging goodness.

Teardown Step 20: We were surprised to find that the charging dock has a decent amount of heft to it. The dock's internal assembly is secured by a single clip, which is easily dispatched with the flick of a [product|IF145-002-2|spudger|new_window=true]. The main event is an insulated inductive charging coil soldered to the charging dock's motherboard. Just like the watch's charging coil sticker, this coil's gray backplate is ferrous.

Teardown Step 21: More ICs await us on the charging dock's motherboard: Texas Instruments Qi Compliant 5 V Wireless Power Transmitter Manager Texas Instruments Synchronous Buck NexFET Power Stage

Teardown Step 22: Motorola Moto 360 Repairability Score: '''3 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair). Watch band is a standard size and easily replaceable (with small enough tweezers). Heat and careful prying is required to remove the rear panel—and then even more prying to pull out the inner housing. It is very difficult to open the device without compromising its waterproof seals. The battery is trapped deep within the device, within the inner housing. Nearly complete disassembly is required to replace. The display does require complete disassembly to replace, as it is removed from the back of the main bezel.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the "Power" button and "Digital Crown" for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Repair Step 1: Squeeze retaining pins together to release chain from watch body. This can be done by hand or with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Remove chain from opposing side of watch body.

Repair Step 2: Use tweezers to grip the notches on the back cover, then unscrew the back cover (counter-clockwise) from the watch housing. There is an actual tool made to remove this back cover, using the right tool may save you from scratching the back of watch with tweezers. The backcover tool can be purchased online, a local jeweler may also be willing to remove it for you.

Repair Step 3: Utilize tweezers or a spudger or your fingers to pull the black wire connector from the motherboard. Utilize a spudger to pull the orange connector off of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Utilize tweezers to pull the white battery connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The internal electronics can now be pulled out of the watch as one unit leaving the screen remaining in the watch housing. Taking the flat end of the spudger, pry it up.

Repair Step 1: Use your finger or the tip of a spudger to compress the pin securing the watch band. With the pin compressed, remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool to into the small notch next to the microphone hole. Slide the opening tool around the perimeter of the trim ring while prying up slightly to slice through the adhesive securing the ring to the watch. If the trim ring does not readily separate from the watch, heat it with an iOpener or hair dryer to soften the adhesive. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool to slowly pry the button trim ring straight up. If you bend or rotate the trim ring while removing it, you may damage the small pins that secure it. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 4: Use a small pin spanner to unscrew the button. If you don't have access to the proper spanner, you can use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], a very small screwdriver, or a paperclip to unscrew the button assembly. Insert your chosen tool into one of the grooves around the button and push sideways. There is blue thread locker on these threads, so light heat on the button may help to soften the thread locker. Remove the button. There is a small red o-ring that may fall off the button threads when the button is removed. Make sure not to lose the o-ring.

Repair Step 5: While holding the outer case steady, twist the inner watch assembly clockwise until it stops.

Repair Step 6: Hold the outer watch case steady and push against the bottom of the inner assembly to remove the inner assembly from the frame. It should not take much force to push the inner assembly out of the watch frame. If it seems stuck, make sure that you've rotated the inner assembly far enough to release it from the frame.

Repair Step 7: Use a fingernail or opening tool to pry the plastic lower assembly away from the display assembly. Do not completely separate the lower assembly from the display assembly yet. There is a cable connecting the two that must be disconnected first.

Repair Step 8: Use tweezers to remove the small rubber strip between the battery and the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to lift the locking flap on the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 10: Lift the display cable straight out of its connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Locate the spring-loaded pin that attaches the wrist strap to the watch. There is a tiny groove on the end of the pin. This is where you will place the [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 2: Take care not to lose the spring-loaded pin when removing the strap. Use the tweezers to compress the spring-loaded pin so the strap can be removed.

Repair Step 3: Pull the wristband away from the watch face.

Repair Step 4: Locate the rectangular end of the fastener inside the wrist strap mounting pocket.

Repair Step 5: Push the point of the pin in behind the fastener and pry it out. There is a notch near the end of the fastener which will engage the pin. Once the end pops out, the fastener will slide out of the slot easliy. Repeat to remove all four of them. That's it. Now the two halves of the watch can be easily separated by just pulling gently with your fingers.

Repair Step 1: Here we have a Series 3 Apple Watch with a broken Display. Sad.

Repair Step 2: Remove the broken Display. The worse they're busted up, the easier they come off! Remove any adhesive residue and tape from the Force Touch Sensor, and inspect it for damage. Replace if necessary.

Repair Step 3: The right-hand module contains the NFC and Light Sensor. It's attached by some adhesive dots, two solder bumps (for the NFC antenna connection), and some copper tape. Cut the copper tape from the NFC module.

Repair Step 4: Using an Xacto #17 blade, chisel the NFC module from the damaged Display. Keep the blade as parallel as possible to the Display.

Repair Step 5: Now the NFC module is free. There's some tape on the back of the module; you can peel it off with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. You can see there are two solder bumps under here. These are the connections to the NFC antenna. If you use alcohol or some other solvent to help clean up, use it very sparingly. We don't want to mess up the Light Sensor.

Repair Step 6: Here is a "new" (probably harvested) Series 2 Display I bought online. I marked it with a "2" just because. Remove the NFC module from this display. You can discard it or sprinkle it on your breakfast cereal. I got a little over-aggressive taking this off so you can see I removed some of the black tape covering the NFC antenna. No harm done, though, and it let me show a corner of the NFC antenna.

Repair Step 7: Now we apply a bit of "Z Tape" to the back of the module. Z Tape is nifty stuff that conducts electricity through its thickness but not sideways. In this photo the release layer is still on the Z tape. We'll take it off before sticking the module onto the Series 2 Display.

Repair Step 8: Yup, that's our Series 2 Display with the NFC module from the broken S3 Display attached. Alignment here is fairly important so don't just slap it on all willy-nilly.

Repair Step 9: Sometimes it just works, and sometimes you need to reflash the OS to make everyone play nice together. Good luck finding the magic IPSW files.

Repair Step 10: After all this, Apple Pay can be configured on the Watch and you can see that it talks to the NXP TagInfo app. I had to use an Android phone to test the NFC because Apple doesn't let apps get deep enough into iPhone's NFC to read this stuff.

Teardown Step 1: Make sure your band is taken off before starting this step.

Teardown Step 2: Be careful not to scratch the motherboard.

Teardown Step 3: Do this gently.

Teardown Step 4: Use the 0.7 screwdriver to unscrew this.

Teardown Step 5: Be careful not to puncture the battery you pry with metal tools. Be careful with the wires connecting the battery to the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 4: Locate the rectangular metal connector that attaches the camera to the Gear. Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently lift and detach the metal plate of the connector. When reassembling the Gear, reattach the camera connector by carefully aligning the metal plate and its pins to its original placement. Make sure it snaps in place to avoid improper connections and possible damage.

Repair Step 5: Use tweezers to carefully lift the camera from its slot out of the case.

Repair Step 6: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to grab and then gently lift up the metal plate of the safety belt. When removing the metal plate, be sure to remove them carefully as to not rip the orange tape that is attached to them. During reassembly, be sure to line up the pins of the metal plate in order to reattach correctly.

Repair Step 7: Once the safety belt is removed, use tweezers to take the motherboard out of the Gear 2.

Repair Step 1: Drain your watch battery below 25% before starting this repair. A charged battery may catch fire if damaged. Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, [guide|166721|use this alternate method to power it down|new_window=true].

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen assembly and frame is so small, a thin metal tool is needed to pry the screen up. ***Read the following warnings before you start disassembly:*** ***Protect your fingers*** by keeping them completely clear of the front end of your tool. You can protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful ***not to apply too much pressure,*** as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. ***Wear [product|IF145-125-3|eye protection.|new_window=true]*** The glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch bands as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap you've created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge where the crown is located to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge farthest away from the crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. When slicing near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown.

Repair Step 9: Reinsert the opening pick on the short edge of the watch, next to the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it in direction of the short edge farthest away from the crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active2 by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears, tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening pick and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the opening pick into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover to access the sensor array connector. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 1: Remove the five 7mm screws with H1.3 hex screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to remove the face of the device to expose the inner components. There is one metal piece at the top of the face that is loose. This is the GPS antenna which will need to be removed as well. Be careful of the ribbon that connects the motherboard to the display.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect this ribbon from the motherboard using [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 4: Using a T5 screwdriver, remove the two 5mm screws. The motherboard should move freely.

Repair Step 5: Another ribbon is attached from the underside of the motherboard. Disconnect this ribbon.

Repair Step 6: Disconnect wires connecting battery to motherboard.

Repair Step 7: The battery is glued to the motherboard and will need pried off with a nylon spudger.

Repair Step 8: Now attach battery to new motherboard and reassemble.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the microphone and pressure sensor array.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Insert an opening pick at the bottom right between the motherboard and the frame to lift up the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Lift out and remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to loosen the microphone which is fixed to the frame with mild adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to lift the pressure sensor up and out of its recess in the frame.

Repair Step 12: Carefully remove the microphone and barometric sensor array from the frame.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the Tri-point screw securing the metal battery connector cover. Remove the cover.

Repair Step 9: Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up with the edge of a pry tool. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the tape covering the display cable connectors. Start from the bottom right of the tape and carefully work your way towards the connector in the middle. The tape can be stubborn, so take care not to pull too hard and damage the cables underneath. If needed, apply a little heat or some isopropyl alcohol to help soften the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: The leftmost connector contains a piece of conductive foil, which may tear when taking off the tape. If it tears, grab it from the bottom left to remove it completely. This way the matching foil underneath (on the display) will remain unharmed.

Repair Step 12: Carefully use a pry tool or a clean fingernail to unlock the first of the three connectors by prying up the small black locking flap opposite the cable.

Repair Step 13: Pry up the locking flaps on the remaining two ZIF connectors. Replacement screens usually ship with these locking flaps closed. During reassembly, make sure the flaps are '''open''' before inserting the cables, or you may damage your watch.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of tweezers to disconnect the display flex cables by gently pulling them out. If the cables are stubborn, try carefully walking them out in a left-to-right-motion while pulling gently.

Repair Step 15: Remove the display. For detailed reassembly instructions, including replacing the Force Touch gasket and surrounding adhesive, see the guide linked in the conclusion below.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch on a hard surface with the screen facing down. Unscrew the four 7.0 mm screws located at each corner using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Pry the old battery out using a plastic spudger.

Repair Step 3: Unscrew the two T4 6 mm screws located on both sides of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lift the motherboard up using a plastic spudger. Ribbon cables are still attached underneath—be careful when prying the motherboard up.

Repair Step 5: Flip the ZIF connectors using a plastic spudger tool. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Inspecting the back we can see some pin pads are not 100% functional

Repair Step 2: With standard soldering tin. It fully works now!

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the force touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the force touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Carefully lift the display open like a book.

Repair Step 8: Lift the screen until there's enough space to access the battery. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44 mm version of the Apple Watch Series 5. However if you own the 40 mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The battery adhesive is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Avoid damaging the display cables, and especially the force touch cable, which covers the battery in one corner during the prying procedure. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery to a 75-degree angle. Remove the 1.1 mm-long Y000 screw.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal plate covering the battery connector.

Repair Step 12: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 13: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as . Follow to reseal your watch after reassembly.

Repair Step 1: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove these four .8mm screws and seperate the housing.

Repair Step 2: Use a spudger tool to disengage the power ribbon from the main board. Once the ribbon is disconnected you can separate the bottom piece of the housing that holds the battery.

Repair Step 3: Use the spudger tool again and wedge it in between the battery and the housing, pry until the battery starts to separate from the adhesive holding it in place. Once you have the battery disconnected you are ready to replace it. Despite the fact that the metal spudger is shown being used in this step, make sure to use a plastic opening tool or nylon spudger to pry up the battery. The metal spudger has a much larger chance of puncturing the battery, and thus should not be used.

Repair Step 1: Loosen the camera ribbon so it will easily pass through the watch body.

Repair Step 2: Grip the body of the watch and pull the band upward. Do the same with the adjacent band, but there will be no camera ribbon to pass through the watch body.

Repair Step 3: Use the plastic opening tool to pry the camera backdoor. Use the plastic opening tool to pry the tab and pull the camera.

Repair Step 1: Place your thumbs on the ends of the screen. Push the watch outward while pulling the band away from the watch.

Repair Step 2: Heating the device with a hair dryer may warp the screen or damage the device. It it preferable to use an iOpener for this step. For step-by-step instructions on using an iOpener, see the [guide|11677]. Use a hair dryer, heat gun, or an iOpener to heat the Gear Fit for 1-2 minutes until it is hot to the touch.

Repair Step 3: The screen is connected to the device by a ribbon cable on the left side with the power button facing you. Do not try to completely separate the screen from the device yet, and be careful. Gently pry the screen loose using a plastic opening tool. If the screen doesn't easily come loose, more heating may be required

Repair Step 4: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] as a lever, pry the inner assembly out of the external casing. This will be harder than removing the screen. Moderate force may be required.

Repair Step 5: Disconnect the ribbon cables connecting the screen to the motherboard by lifting their metal connectors up off of the board with tweezers.

Repair Step 6: Gently peel the screen assembly up and away from the device using tweezers.

Repair Step 7: Three ribbon cables hold the motherboard to the rest of the assembly. The battery cable in the front. When reassembling the device, make sure the battery cable is securely connected. Moderate force may be required to push it in all the way. And two on the side. Using a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully pull each connector away to disconnect it from the rest of the assembly.

Repair Step 8: The motherboard is a segmented three piece construction. Use tweezers to first lift up, with a moderate amount of force, and free each ends of the motherboard from the assembly. Be sure to use ESD safe tweezers to prevent static discharge from zapping your device.

Repair Step 9: The motherboard should now be removable from the assembly. Use tweezers to lightly pry, lift, and remove the board by its middle section. If the motherboard is stuck it may be caught on the assembly. Wiggle it around to free it. You may also need to pull the edges of the assembly away from the motherboard to create space.

Repair Step 10: With the motherboard removed, the battery is exposed. A small metal strut protects the battery. Remove the small metal strut by prying it out of both sides of the enclosure.

Repair Step 11: Use caution when handling the battery. If damaged or punctured, it can release hazardous chemicals or catch fire. Remove the battery by pulling on the pull tab. Don't be afraid to use force, the battery is tightly packed into the plastic enclosure.

Repair Step 1: It is recommended to let the battery discharge before starting. It's a precaution to prevent the battery from catching fire if punctured. Remove both T2 screws Slide off the plastic piece by lifting out and then up Slide plastic and spring assembly off the rail Do this on both sides

Repair Step 2: I've performed this on a few Fitbits where the adhesive was worn out enough that with a light amount of prying the touch screen assembly lifts right up A hairdryer on high should work you may have to use it for longer Heat the glass screen with heat gun to soften the adhesives Insert a razor blade between the glass and the body Keep going around the rim of the display until loose

Repair Step 3: This is how close those cables get to the edge underneath the Fitbit letters so be careful

Repair Step 4: Lift the display then battery up gently The battery is attached with a little bit of adhesive so lift gently Remove battery connector

Repair Step 5: Remove two P2 screws Remove T2 screw Liftoff metal shield I found flipping the device and letting the shield fall out was easier

Repair Step 6: Liftoff both display connectors Remove Display Assembly

Repair Step 8: Reconnect battery connector if the battery wasn't dead before repair it should turn on now Put the battery back in place When I was replacing the screen I also replaced the battery that's why the battery changed.

Repair Step 9: Add a thin layer of E-6000 glue around the casing Make sure to cover the entire surface that makes contact with the screen to keep the device waterproof

Repair Step 10: Flip down the screen and remove any extra glue that squeezes out Take a rubber band and wrap it around the device, this will ensure the display stays in place until the glue cures With the rubber bands on go to step 1 and reverse the steps to reinstall the band release The glue will take between 24 and 72 hours to fully cure

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 2: Use the metal spudger to carefully pull apart the screen cover from the case. Replace the metal spudger with a plastic opening tool to hold the cover open.

Repair Step 3: Use the metal spudger tool to carefully loosen the rest of the cover.

Repair Step 4: Carefully, pull apart the cover with the plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 5: Insert metal spudger into the side of the screen shown in the picture.

Repair Step 6: Use the metal spudger to pry the screen up.

Repair Step 7: Once screen is lifted, insert plastic opening tool between the screen connector and circuit board. Disconnect the screen from the circuit board.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 3: If not replacing lithium battery, skip down two steps. Using the plastic removal tool, pry the battery from the backing plate. The battery is simply attached with glue.

Repair Step 4: Desolder the battery connections from the motherboard. Learn how to solder components

Repair Step 5: Use PH00 screw driver to remove two 2.4mm Phillips head screws.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger or [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove a white sticker that covers a Phillips head screw.

Repair Step 7: Use PH00 screwdriver to remove 5.2mm Phillips head screw

Repair Step 8: Use ESD safe tweezers to remove the gold ribbon cable. This will expose a second 5.2mm Phillips head screw that can be removed with a PH00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to gently pry on the motherboard towards the top of the watch, being towards the 12 o'clock position to loosen the motherboard. You can now access the parts and pieces on the bottom of, and below the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Locate the four main soldering points marked in red. Be aware of the five additional soldered pins marked by the blue arrow.

Repair Step 11: Begin to desolder the points pointed out in the last step. Use the soldering wick to help remove the solder.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 3.5mm screws to detach the case using the T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Slide the spudger under the battery and lift to remove.

Repair Step 3: Slide the metal spudger under the speaker and lift to remove it from the casing.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active2 by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears, tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening pick and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the opening pick into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover to access the sensor array connector. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the speaker.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the barometric sensor, the buttons, and the microphone.

Repair Step 8: Place a spudger underneath the motherboard at the top right next to the display connector. Slightly twist and lever the spudger to loosen the core assembly. It might help to also check the comments below this and the next step if you’re having difficulties.

Repair Step 9: Grab the core assembly and carefully slide it out from under the cables. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 1: Use a T6 screwdriver to remove the five 1.7 mm screws from the watch face.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the face off the watch base. Do not yank the face. A ribbon connector connects the face and the motherboard, and yanking could result in damage to the motherboard or ribbon.

Repair Step 3: Use a spudger to lift up and free the screen ribbon cable's press-fit connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Set the watch face aside.

Repair Step 5: Locate the antenna, which is located on the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the antenna, and set it aside.

Repair Step 1: Remove 4 4.5mm Phillips head screws from back side of watch using PH00 Phillips head.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back plate of watch.

Repair Step 3: Unclip 5 latches from motherboard using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Remove 2 3.0mm Phillips screws from motherboard using PH00 Phillips head.

Repair Step 5: Carefully remove motherboard & internal screen.

Repair Step 6: Remove 4 7.0mm hex-screws from front of watch using H1.5 Hex head.

Repair Step 7: Remove outer screen frame from front of watch.

Repair Step 8: Remove 4 4.5mm Phillips gold screws from back of watch using PH00 Phillips head.

Repair Step 9: Remove outer protective screen. Replace outer protective screen with the new part.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both buttons for at least 8 seconds. After three seconds the display will show a "Power off" button on the screen. Keep pressing the buttons. Let go of the button when you see the watch restart.

Repair Step 1: If your Pebble hardware buttons stopped working, including the middle button, soak it in vinegar for a day, to dislodged any hard water mineral deposits.

Repair Step 1: Squeeze retaining pins together to release chain from watch body. This can be done by hand or with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Remove chain from opposing side of watch body.

Repair Step 2: Use tweezers to grip the notches on the back cover, then unscrew the back cover (counter-clockwise) from the watch housing. There is an actual tool made to remove this back cover, using the right tool may save you from scratching the back of watch with tweezers. The backcover tool can be purchased online, a local jeweler may also be willing to remove it for you.

Repair Step 3: Utilize tweezers or a spudger or your fingers to pull the black wire connector from the motherboard. Utilize a spudger to pull the orange connector off of the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Utilize tweezers to pull the white battery connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: The internal electronics can now be pulled out of the watch as one unit leaving the screen remaining in the watch housing. Taking the flat end of the spudger, pry it up.

Repair Step 6: The screen can now be removed out of the front-side of the watch.

Repair Step 1: Wedge a plastic opening tool between band contacts.

Repair Step 2: Push in plastic opening tool until the components click and pop out of the holder. Repeat steps for other band.

Repair Step 3: Remove four 4mm screws using a PH000 screwdriver. Remove back plate.

Repair Step 4: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove elastomeric, or zebra, connector.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of the spudger to carefully lift the battery until adhesive seal is broken.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointy edge of the spudger tool to detach battery leads from the circuit board.

Repair Step 7: Use PH000 screw driver to remove two 6mm bracketed screws. Remove bracket.

Repair Step 8: Use PH000 tool to remove two 4mm screws.

Repair Step 9: the four connecting pins.

Repair Step 10: Use spudger tool to lift the clasp of LED connector strip and remove from watch case.

Repair Step 11: Use spudger tool to remove the LED screen from the watch case.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the screen to the back until you get enough space to pry out the battery. Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44mm version of the Apple Watch Series 4. However if you own the 40mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The adhesive which holds the battery in place is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Mind the display cables and especially the Force Touch cable which covers the battery in one corner so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery and bring it in a 75° angle. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black sticker off the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 15: The black foil which covers the display connectors is very fragile and likely to rip. To keep the tape intact while peeling it off, it's necessary to use high isopropyl alcohol or an iOpener. Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip and apply it to the black adhesive foil. Let it penetrate the adhesive for about two minutes. Alternatively you can place an on top of the screen to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener at least for two minutes.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully peel off the tape covering the three display cable connectors.

Repair Step 17: Use one arm of a pair of tweezers to carfully open the three ZIF connectors on the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of blunt nose tweezers to peel up the sides of the black foil which adheres the cable to the rear side of the screen.

Repair Step 19: Lift the body of the watch up and carefully slide a spudger underneath the display flex cable to loosen remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 20: Carefully pull the display flex cables out of their ZIF connectors. Make sure to hold on to the display flex cable during this procedure and avoid pulling only on the body of the watch. Otherwise the display cable might rip. Separate the watch assembly and the screen.

Repair Step 21: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 22: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal plate which covers the Force Touch gasket connector.

Repair Step 23: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry the Force Touch gasket connector out of its socket.

Repair Step 24: Place a on the Force Touch connector to loosen the adhesive underneath. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes.

Repair Step 25: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the defective Force Touch gasket. Avoid damaging the display flex cable when threading the Force Touch gasket connector through the gap between the adhesive foil and the display cable.

Repair Step 26: Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip or use a to gently remove the adhesive leftovers from the Force Touch gasket on the case and on the screen.

Repair Step 27: Use a pair of tweezers to peel the new Force Touch gasket off the see-through backing film. Make sure you peel off the Force Touch gasket with both protective foils attached to it. Peel off the protective foil from the bottom side of the Force Touch gasket. The bottom side is where the Force Touch connector faces.

Repair Step 28: Hold the Force Touch gasket diagonally to thread it over the display cable. Make sure to position the Force Touch connector next to the home button. Use the pointed end of a spudger to make final adjustments and press the Force Touch gasket into place.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the side button and Digital Crown for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to loosen the gasket and create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch screen-side down. Carefully swing open the back cover at the gap you just created. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard by prying the [link| connector] straight up from its socket. During reassembly, this is a good point to turn on your device and test your repair before resealing it.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. During reassembly: Make sure the rubber gasket (marked in red) is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one to maintain water resistance.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: Insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. iFixit screen and battery repair kits include a replacement Force Touch gasket, so don't fret too much if yours is damaged. Otherwise, to preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm).

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display to about a 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely.

Repair Step 8: Use a Y000 driver to remove the tri-point screw securing the metal cover plate. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the cover plate. First open the plate all the way to unhinge the two flaps. Then close it halfway to remove it completely by lifting it out.

Repair Step 9: On the GPS-only version it is possible to disconnect the battery immediately. For the cellular/LTE version, you need to disconnect the Force Touch gasket and fold it out of the way first, in order to disconnect the battery. Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 10: Use the point of a pry tool to disconnect the Force Touch gasket by prying its connector straight up.

Repair Step 11: for another 30 seconds and place it on top of the Force Touch gasket to soften the adhesive underneath. (Alternatively, apply heat using a hair dryer or heat gun.) Be very careful not to strain or tear the display cables.

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the Force Touch gasket. Slightly tilt the display forward and hold the Force Touch gasket diagonally to thread it over the display and remove it.

Repair Step 13: Clean all traces of adhesive (and broken glass, if any) thoroughly from the case before re-sealing your watch. Scour the case using a , or use the tip of an opening tool or spudger wrapped in a lint-free cloth or coffee filter, along with a little isopropyl alcohol (90% concentration or greater). In a pinch, a Q-tip may also work. To remove the adhesive near the display cables, fold the display back down over the watch and carefully tilt it away from the frame so there's room to work. Don't rush this step. Even a small amount of residue can prevent your display from bonding to the case, causing it to come loose over time.

Repair Step 14: If you are re-using your existing display, carefully clean any adhesive residue stuck to the back. It helps to flip the watch upside-down so the display lays flat. Just be sure to support the rest of the watch, and take care not to strain the cables.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully remove the blue protective liner from the bottom of the replacement Force Touch gasket, exposing the adhesive underneath. Make sure the connector pins are facing toward you, or you'll remove the liner from the wrong side.

Repair Step 16: With the exposed adhesive facing down, thread the Force Touch gasket down over the display (if connected) and set it into position in the case. Slightly tilt the display forward so you can align the Force Touch gasket with the frame. Make sure the connector lines up with its socket. You can use the end of a pry tool to press the new Force Touch gasket into place all around the perimeter of the watch.

Repair Step 17: Make sure your display is connected before you reconnect the battery. Reconnect the Force Touch gasket and battery flex cable by pressing their connectors straight down until they click into place.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to place the metal plate covering the battery connector back in its original position. Install the Y000 tri-point screw. At this point, it's a good idea to power on your watch and test all its functions before sealing the display in place.

Repair Step 19: Use a pair of tweezers to gently remove the blue protective liner on top of the Force Touch gasket, exposing the last of the adhesive.

Repair Step 20: Align the screen and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. For best results, apply heat from your iOpener, heat gun, or hair dryer to help set the adhesive. Then, apply some pressure for a few hours—wrapping the watch with a couple rubber bands, or placing it under a heavy book or two. As a final check, power on your watch and make sure Force Touch works correctly—a hard press on the screen should cause the watch to vibrate, and the press should register on the display.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, an [link|] is needed to separate the two. '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the iFlex edge. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the iFlex to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' If the opening procedure is performed incorrectly or with too much pressure, the glass could crack, sending small glass shards flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: and apply it to the screen for three minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Take your time and work carefully to avoid scratching the watch body with your iFlex. Insert the iFlex into the thin gap between the display and frame at the edge adjacent to the digital crown. Tilt the iFlex down to pry the display open slightly and create a gap between the screen and the watch body. The Apple Watch Series 8 display is equipped with a plastic bezel on its rear side. If you want to reuse your display, avoid using too much pressure with the iFlex or you may separate the bezel from the screen.

Repair Step 5: Insert the tip of an opening pick into the gap you just created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge opposite to the watch crown to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the next short edge to slice the adhesive.

Repair Step 8: When slicing the adhesive on the edge with the watch crown, only insert the opening pick 2–3 mm to prevent damaging the display cables. Slide the opening pick around the corner and toward the watch crown to slice the remaining adhesive. Don't try to fully remove the display yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you open the display. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upright position. To reseal your watch follow this [link| Apple Watch resealing guide].

Repair Step 10: and apply it to the rear glass for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath the battery. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the display and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 11: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Insert an opening pick into the gap between the watch body and the long edge of the battery. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry up the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet, as it‘s still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 12: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch housing, but avoid straining or sharply folding the cable when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift the battery out of its recess and place it next to the watch body.

Repair Step 13: Use a Tri-Point Y000 screwdriver to remove the 1.1 mm-long screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 15: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Don‘t press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend and cause permanent damage.

Repair Step 16: Remove the battery. Don‘t reuse the battery if it has been deformed or damaged, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. Replace it with a new battery. [link| a new battery with pre-cut adhesive] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the battery well at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery itself. Peel back any adhesive liners and press the new battery firmly into place. If you're reusing your old battery, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly.

Repair Step 1: Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the four 4.2 mm screws securing the lower case. Gently pry the case open with a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] if the case will not release after removing the bolts. ***Do not remove the lower case completely yet; this could damage cables connected to the lower case.***

Repair Step 2: Raise the cover without straining the connected ribbon cable. Disconnect the ribbon cable from the motherboard with a halberd spudger.

Repair Step 3: Use a [product|IF145-374|halberd spudger] to lift the three flat-top connectors straight up to disconnect them. ***Do not disconnect the battery (bottom-left) cable yet.***

Repair Step 4: Gently remove the motherboard using the halberd spudger. The best area to pry is at the bottom of the motherboard, right under one of the ribbons that was just disconnected.

Repair Step 5: Flip the motherboard over so the battery is facing upwards. Gently pry the battery out of the motherboard housing. The best area to pry is at the top-left corner. Take care not to puncture, bend, or twist the battery while removing it. A damaged battery can start a fire! Disconnect the battery ribbon from the motherboard using the spudger tool.

Repair Step 6: Connect the new battery's ribbon to the motherboard. Insert the new battery in the same orientation the old battery previously had.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the "Power" button and "Digital Crown" for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Repair Step 1: Prep your workstation and open the new band. '''NOTE''' the little PCB tab sticking out perpendicular to the band. That will insert into the watch base.

Repair Step 2: Using your Torx 4 bit, carefully unscrew the 2 screws holding in the strap. Set screws aside for later (preferably in a magnetic tray).

Repair Step 3: Now that the screws are out, slightly wiggle the strap while pulling straight out parallel to the watch base. (see 1st image) It takes a little effort but you want to make sure you are pulling straight out and not bending so that you do not break off the little PCB tab that is sticking out of the end of the band. Now is a good time to clean out any junk that may have accumulated between the base and band. Use a little bit of isopropyl alcohol and a swab to clean out any junk, if needed.

Repair Step 4: Holding the band perpendicular to the watch base, insert the PCB tab into the base while wiggling the band slightly. You might have to push with a bit of force as you are wiggling, just be sure to push and hold straight to avoid snapping off the PCB tab. Re-attach screws. Bam! Good as new!

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the microphone and pressure sensor array.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Insert an opening pick at the bottom right between the motherboard and the frame to lift up the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Lift out and remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to loosen the microphone which is fixed to the frame with mild adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to lift the pressure sensor up and out of its recess in the frame.

Repair Step 12: Carefully remove the microphone and barometric sensor array from the frame.

Repair Step 13: and apply it to the screen for two minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used.

Repair Step 14: Insert the opening tool under the frame where the sensor array was located. Pry upwards to separate the screen from the frame.

Repair Step 15: Use your fingers to pull the frame off the remaining screen adhesive. Clean any remaining adhesive from the frame using isopropyl alcohol (>90%) before installing the new screen.

Repair Step 1: the screen is glued down with a silicone flexible type glue on a 1mm or less edge, that you need to loosen with a hot air soldering blower. make sure the temperature does not get too high that you burn or melt the plastic clips that connect the bands. I expect to replace the screen again if I ever need to replace the battery, because it will probably crack as i try to pry it out This Fitbit had a very cracked screen, which was extremely handy for finding leverage to take out the screen.

Repair Step 2: screen assembly folds out to the side attached by 1 ribbon cable the longer vertical clip holds the ribbon cable down

Repair Step 3: flip out battery, the battery ribbon cable is on the left top side (top side is where you can see the conctacts) there is a very small T2 torx screw under there. remove this screw and the clip holding down part of the screen ribbon comes out. It also releases the larger shield under the battery

Repair Step 4: the long part of that clip hooks under a little tab in the fitbit frame.

Repair Step 5: mind, this shield hooks under something at the bottom part.

Repair Step 6: carfully move over battery

Repair Step 7: unplug the screen assembly cable. if you reinstall, make sure that little sponge doesn't get stuck between the connector and port

Repair Step 8: for reassembly: the part indicated, of the shield that goes under the battery, needs to be inserted under an angle: it hooks under something indicated in the image by the [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 9: this works again. for getting the screw in, I needed to hot-glue the little screw onto the screwdriver, because many (internal) parts of the fitbit are magnetic, so its very difficult to not lose the little screw that holds the shield and clip in place.

Repair Step 1: Push on the band in order to expose the pins Using ***[product|IF145-020|tweezers]***, remove the pins, one on each side, in order to only leave the face of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Using plastic opening tools, carefully pry open the back cover of the the watch. Use the little hatch on the bottom portion of the watch in order to easily pry open the watch

Repair Step 3: Using a PH000 screwdriver, remove the three screws in order to release the motherboard from the watch. Do not lose the three screws! Keep them somewhere you will remember! A magnetic mat can help with this. Using plastic opening tools, remove the four connectors attached to the motherboard

Repair Step 4: Using the plastic opening tools, carefully lift up the motherboard. IGNORE THIS STEP IF ONLY REMOVING MOTHERBOARD: Use the plastic opening tools to carefully remove the battery

Repair Step 1: Insert a plastic opening tool under the bezel, and then pry the bezel up.

Repair Step 2: When prying the bezel off, ensure that you don't apply too much force and lose the 3 components needed for reassembly. Doing this over a container to catch the parts is a useful safety measure. 1: Metal Bezel Ring 2: Plastic Retainer 3: The Watch Itself

Repair Step 3: Cleaning the metal bezel can be done using the tool previously used to pry the bezel off. There is a small ridge along the inside that will collect gunk. Running the edge of your pry tool through this ridge will clean out anything stuck in there, and make step 5 much easier.

Repair Step 4: Cleaning the plastic retainer will require much more care than the bezel, due to how fragile it is. Holding it carefully in between two fingers, gently rub a cotton swab against the part that is supported by your finger holding the retainer. Rotate the retainer as you clean the surface to ensure full coverage.

Repair Step 5: The side of the retainer that has a ridged surface needs to face down in the watch. The retainer sits in the groove around the inside of the metal bezel as shown in the image. Take notice of the orientation of the retainer in the image. The retainer should seat in the groove on the bezel without applying force.

Repair Step 6: Once you have the retainer seated in the bezel, place the bezel face down on your watch face placing the side with the in the retainer down first. If you do not do this, the retainer may not seat properly, as shown in the first photo. If that happens, gently pry the bezel and retainer up by hand, re-seat the retainer in the bezel, and try again. Once you have successfully replaced your bezel on the watch, it should feel like new and rotate freely again.

Teardown Step 1: Without the iFixit Manta kit I don't think I would have gotten them off, because the bit on the tool that was sent with the replacement straps stripped almost immediately.

Teardown Step 2: Be smarter than me and use a sharp X-acto knife or fresh box cutter and a comfortable set of pliers when cutting into the straps, not a dull scissors or pocket knife.

Repair Step 1: Hold the the metal screwdriver, with a T5 Torx bit, in your dominant hand. Hold the rubber screwdriver, with a Hex T6 Torx bit, in your other hand. While holding the rubber screwdriver in place, simultaneously unscrew the pin (counterclockwise) with the metal screwdriver in your dominant hand.

Repair Step 2: Once the 1mm screw is removed, reinsert the metal screwdriver in that same hole. Gently push the strap's pin out. It will begin to protrude from the other end. Use your fingers to grab the exposed pin and slide it free. The strap should now be disconnected from the device.

Teardown Step 1: Technical Specifications 1 MHz RISC 16 Bit MicroController, Active Mode @ 400uA Ultra Low-Power Consumption at Standby Mode @ 1.3uA, and Off-Mode with RAM Retention @ 0.22uA Sensors onboard: Optical blood flow; Galvanic Skin response (perspiration), Ambient Temperature, Body Temperature, 3-Axis Accelerometer First, you begin by taking off the straps. . If you have taken out a watch strap before, it is a similar method Flip the watch, use the plastic opening tool and slide into end of the strap, then push the spring contacts until the strap just breaks away from its catch Independent electrodes to possibly modulate AC Signal onto your skin and measure at the receiving end. Possibly measuring impedance (thereby knowing how much you sweat)

Teardown Step 2: Unscrew the four screws at the back of the watch, then gently use the spudger to open it

Teardown Step 3: Remove the Then pull the power plug away from its supply point to remove the battery Unknown battery capacity

Teardown Step 4: You see the gap in between here? That gap exist where the LCD sits beneath the MCU board. Using a bit of highly precise de-soldering technique (left quite a few melted marks btw), you have to desolder the 4 contact points in order to separate the board from the LCD panel P/S: Credit to my peer who helped me out. Fortunately it wasn't me. Else I would have left quite a larger mess :)

Teardown Step 5: 1st Temperature Sensor (Texas Instruments) marked as OBS. This might be one of the sensors that detects the ''ambient temperature'' as it is positioned away from the human body Thanks to Luis Filipe Rossi for identifying the external SOT563 temperature sensors 25P32V6G - ST 32MB NOR Serial Flash Memory Analog Devices - , 3-Axis Accelerometer Freescale MPR121 Proximity Capacitive Touch Sensor Controller (for the 4 capacitive touch buttons) as listed at & pictured - Texas Instruments MSP430 family of ultralow-power mixed signal microcontroller. Built-in Temperature Sensor. Unknown 31939591322 Unknown H852 3N47

Teardown Step 6: I'm quite interested of what they have done here. Instead of doing their own RF design, they employed a ''module'' design. Too bad there is no way to give the RF Module company any publicity Edit - the module is from ampedrf Cortex M3 - ; Low-density performance line, ARM-based 32-bit MCU with 16 or 32 KB Flash, USB, CAN, 6 timers, 2 ADCs, 6 communication interfaces. Built-in temperature sensor here Unknown 2500D8, 90MT323 Bluetooth Transceiver Chip Chip Antenna

Teardown Step 7: The wire bonded Optical Blood Flow Sensor (under a magnifying glass) with the two LED 2nd Temperature Sensor (Texas Instruments) marked as OBS. This might be one of the sensors that detects the ''body temperature'' as it is positioned nearer to the human body

Teardown Step 8: The Basis B1 Tracker was an easy device to disassemble. Apart from the de-soldering process, it could quite be a minimal effort. That's it, leave more comments below if you would like to have more additional details of the specific part you are interested in.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding it to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use the pointed end of a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the crown button flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the 4.4 mm-long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Use your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch assembly towards the bottom of the watch. During reassembly, make sure none of the flex cables become trapped underneath the motherbaord.

Repair Step 11: Place the corner of the flat end of a spudger [link| the small opening|new_window=true] of the barometric sensor, on the opposite side of the display connector. Twist and tilt the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing.

Repair Step 12: Thread the display flex cable through the opening in the core assembly.

Repair Step 13: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 14: and apply it to the display for two minutes to loosen the adhesive.

Repair Step 15: If your display is cracked, keep glass shards contained by applying a strip of tape over the glass. Use your finger to steadily push the display down through the watch's metal housing to separate the display from the frame.

Repair Step 16: Remove the display.

Repair Step 1: Hier Anweisungen einfügen.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the side button and Digital Crown for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Teardown Step 1: Ahh, memory LCD displays. The best way to make a smartwatch. Pebble always had a real knack for making a great product regardless of specs, but here's what they say is inside: An M4 ARM Cortex processor clocked at 100 MHz 1.26 inches of low-power, black & white, memory LCD goodness behind Corning Gorilla Glass Bluetooth 4.1 (an upgrade from the 4.0) A lithium-ion battery big enough to power all this for 7-10 days (depending on whether you sprung for the heart rate model—we didn't)

Teardown Step 2: Last year's Pebble Time was an all-around winner in terms of repairability, scoring a 9 out of 10 on iFixit's scale. Let's see if they kept up the good work this year. The first difference we encounter is that this device seems to open from the back instead of the front—we're hoping this doesn't mean the display is married to the glass. With a little help from our purple blow dryer and a pry tool, we get our first look at the insides—so far, so good!

Teardown Step 3: We are now face-to-face with the motherboard. We spot two black Philips #0 screws, and one silver Philips #0 screw. These colors indicate different screw lengths, which is helpful for making sure they go back in the correct spot.

Teardown Step 4: After snapping the eccentric rotating mass (ERM) vibration motor out of its housing on the backside of the display, we can begin to lift up the motherboard... Only to be snagged by some sneaky display cables! As we deftly maneuver a spudger to unclip the two(two?) display cables from the underside of the motherboard, we realize with great sadness that the battery and the vibration motor are both hanging on by a solder. With the display cables free, we can lift out the motherboard and her soldered-on freeloaders.

Teardown Step 5: We're regretting bringing a zoom lens to a macro fight, but here's what we can make out of the front-side ICs: That 100 MHz ARM Cortex M4 Dialog's Bluetooth LE SoC An MX25U6435F QSPI flash memory chip for firmware images and resources with 8mb of room to play Pebble's smartstrap data and charging pins, and their accompanying grounding pin We also see here a similar-sized battery to last year's Pebble Time, though in much less friendly packaging.

Teardown Step 6: The far side of this MB only has two notable ICs: One of Bosch's accelerometers Note that we take a hit here from the BMI series in the Pebble Time, losing some cool features like the compass. $99 only goes so far, you know An ambient light sensor

Teardown Step 7: Turning back to the body, we are met with a cold, metal wall. With no more screws in sight, we start pulling and prying, and are met with success! The black & white e-paper display comes out in one piece. We start to feel concerned, however, by the fact that we aren't seeing through the display glass after pulling out the display.

Teardown Step 8: Unfortunately for us, this inky black screen marked the end of our mostly adhesive-free teardown. Even with our trusty purple blow dryer, we couldn't seem to loosen the adhesive enough to pry the last layers out without breaking them.

Teardown Step 9: There's not much left of this watch! Like the company, we are left with a hollow reminder of what was once something great. We try to dismantle the buttons, like last year, but find that they are built in to the chassis. It would have been nice to simply be able to swap out either side and replace the accompanying buttons, but no such luck here.

Teardown Step 10: That's it! In a surprising departure from its older sibling, this Pebble 2 turned out to not be very repairable at all. If we had the authority of the iFixit team behind us, we would probably rate this at a 2/10. Pebble stuck with industry-standard 22 mm watchbands, so you can still swap those out all you like! The motherboard and first part of the screen can be removed fairly easily, but with both the battery and the vibration motor soldered on, there won't be much swapping going on. Since the second half of the screen is glued to the front glass, neither it nor the glass are feasibly replaceable. Button replacements are also a no-go. If you're looking to stay on the Pebble train as long as possible, you might want to pick up a few of these on while they're still around.

Repair Step 1: Opening the Mi Watch will compromise its waterproof seals. Have replacement seals ready before you proceed past this step, or take care to avoid liquid exposure if you reassemble your watch without replacing the seals. Before starting the disassembly, turn off your watch. Remove the four 3.2 mm-long T3 Torx screws on the back of the watch. A T3 screwdriver has a tight fit on these screws and might require a bit more downward pressure to unfasten the screws. A T2 fits as well but poses the risk to strip the screw heads.

Repair Step 2: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the loudspeaker opening at the top edge of the rear case assembly. Push the spudger upwards to create a small gap between the rear case assembly and the watch housing.

Repair Step 3: Insert your spudger into the gap and pry up the rear case assembly. Only work with the edge of your spudger and do not insert it deeper than 3 mm. Steady the rear case assembly with a finger to prevent it from suddenly popping open and damaging the flex cable. Don’t try to remove the rear case assembly all the way yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a thin flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing open the rear case assembly by folding the rear case to the side with the watch buttons. Avoid straining the flex cable during this procedure.

Repair Step 5: While it's possible to remove the battery without disconnecting the rear case assembly first ([link| straight to step 8]), there's a substantial risk of damaging components. We highly recommend removing the rear case assembly. Remove the 2.7 mm-long Phillips screw securing the metal bracket.

Repair Step 6: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to unhinge the metal bracket and remove it. During reassembly, make sure to [link| the metal bracket|new_window=true].

Repair Step 7: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the rear case assembly connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector.

Repair Step 9: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a thermal event. Insert an opening pick underneath the left edge of the battery. Tilt down your opening pick to pry up the battery.

Repair Step 10: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 1: Power off your watch before disassembling it. Place the watch upside down on a hard surface so that its back case is facing upright. Use a T4 Torx Star screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm Torx screws from the corners of the back case.

Repair Step 2: Use a plastic opening tool to pry open the back case from both sides of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 4: With a plastic opening tool, disconnect the four connectors on the top of the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove three 3.0 mm Phillips screws on the edges of the motherboard with a Phillips #000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 6: Grasp the edges of the motherboard and slide it slightly towards the right to remove it from its case.

Repair Step 7: Use a plastic opening tool to pry the battery out of the device. You may need to use a stronger prying force due to the adhesive that secures the battery to the case.

Repair Step 8: Pry the battery housing from the top right corner using a spudger. Once loosened, remove the battery housing.

Repair Step 9: On the power button, locate a small grey washer on the interior side of the watch. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or another pointed object to push the washer out of its socket, and remove the power button.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over and orient it such that the buckle is away from you and the back panel is revealed. Maintain this orientation to follow the guide.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four base screws using a size 2 TORX screwdriver to separate the back plate from the frame.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the ribbon cable on the left side of the motherboard by using a spudger.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger and apply pressure to the white plastic wall to the right of the motherboard. Use this to lever the electronics out of the frame. The clips have small lips that you can put the spudger under to get more leverage. Using any of the metal to pry out the electronics may damage some of the wiring. It is crucial to only press on the plastic.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 2: Use the metal spudger to carefully pull apart the screen cover from the case. Replace the metal spudger with a plastic opening tool to hold the cover open.

Repair Step 3: Use the metal spudger tool to carefully loosen the rest of the cover.

Repair Step 4: Carefully, pull apart the cover with the plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 5: Insert metal spudger into the side of the screen shown in the picture.

Repair Step 6: Use the metal spudger to pry the screen up.

Repair Step 7: Once screen is lifted, insert plastic opening tool between the screen connector and circuit board. Disconnect the screen from the circuit board.

Repair Step 8: Keep the watch flat on your workstation.

Repair Step 9: Locate the three screws on the circuit board. Remove using the  Philips head screwdriver.

Repair Step 10: Carefully disconnect the connector wire on the bottom left edge of the circuit board using a plastic opener tool. Move apart the connector to expose the fourth screw.

Repair Step 11: Remove the final screw from the circuit board with a  Philips head screwdriver.

Repair Step 12: Turn the watch to the side and use the plastic opening tool to lift up the circuit board. Remove the circuit board from the case.

Repair Step 1: Remove both T3 screws Slide off the plastic piece by lifting out and then up Slide plastic and spring assembly off the rail

Repair Step 2: Heat the glass screen with a blowdryer to soften the adhesives Start the next step on the '''opposite side''' of the Fitbit wording below the glass. This is due to the display cables being located there Insert a razor blade between the glass and the body Keep going around the rim of the display until loose

Repair Step 3: This is how close those cables get to the edge underneath the Fitbit wording so be careful

Repair Step 4: Lift display up gently The battery is attached with a little bit of adhesive so lift gently Remove battery connector

Repair Step 5: Remove both T2 screws Liftoff metal shield

Repair Step 6: Remove two T2 screws Remove T3 screw Liftoff metal shield

Repair Step 7: Liftoff both display connectors

Repair Step 8: Disconnect vibrator motor Disconnect heartrate and charging connector Remove altimeter

Repair Step 9: Remove button assembly from case Remove vibrator motor Has a slight bit of adhesive and is magnetic to the case

Repair Step 10: Remove motherboard It seems as if the heart rate sensor and charging pins are molded into the case, and I was not able to remove them

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the four 3.9 mm-long Torx T3 screws. Depending on the condition of your driver, a Torx T4 bit may fit better. Don't try to detach the back cover yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 2: Be careful not to strain the sensor flex cable during this procedure. Carefully lift the back cover by the watch crown edge and swing it open to an upward position.

Repair Step 3: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 4: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the microphone opening at the top edge of the back cover. Pry upwards to loosen the back cover assembly. This may require some force. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the daughterboard. Swing the back cover assembly open by 45 degrees to gain access to the sensor assembly cable.

Repair Step 5: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 6: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the interconnect cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the microphone cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 9: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the two 4.1 mm-long screws securing the daughterboard.

Repair Step 10: Insert the point of a spudger between the watch housing and the edge of the daughterboard. Pry upwards to loosen the daughterboard.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the daughterboard.

Repair Step 1: To avoid burning your hands, make sure to hold only the thin edges of the iOpener. Heat the iOpener. Instructions on how to do this can be found here: [guide|11677|iOpener Instructions] Firmly press the frame of the band against the iOpener, and hold it in place for about 90 seconds. When using the iOpener, make sure to wrap it partially around the sides.

Repair Step 2: Using a spudger, lightly press upwards against one corner of the frame, then the other along the corner of the short edge. Alternating between the same two corners, continue pressing until there's about a 1-2 mm gap between that end of the frame and the body.

Repair Step 3: Do not pull the frame away too quickly. The screen may be stuck to the frame, and pulling on it could cause damage. If the screen is still attached, lightly push on the screen with a finger and it should pop out. Insert the spudger into the gap under the frame, and lightly slide it about 3/4 of the way down one of the long edges, then repeat with the other. If the frame doesn't simply pop off, try sliding the spudger the rest of the way down the long edges, and lightly lift the frame with your fingers. When re-assembling, make sure the frame's microphone hole is on the same side as the sensor board underneath.

Repair Step 1: It is recommended to let the battery discharge before starting. It's a precaution to prevent the battery from lighting on fire if punctured. Remove both T2 screws Slide off the plastic piece by lifting out and then up Slide plastic and spring assembly off the rail Watch out for the spring on in the band release

Repair Step 2: Heat the glass screen with a blowdryer to soften the adhesives Start the next step on the opposite side of the Fitbit wording below the glass. This is due to the display cables being located there Insert a razor blade between the glass and the body Keep going around the rim of the display until loose

Repair Step 3: This is how close those cables get to the edge underneath the Fitbit wording so be careful

Repair Step 4: Lift the display then battery up gently The battery is attached with a little bit of adhesive so lift it gently Remove battery connector

Repair Step 5: Connect new battery connector Peel the plastic layer off the adhesive backing Put the battery back in place

Repair Step 6: Add a thin layer of E-6000 glue around the casing Make sure to cover the entire surface that makes contact with the screen to keep the device waterproof

Repair Step 7: Flip down the screen and remove any extra glue that squeezes out Take a rubber band and wrap it around the device, this will ensure the display stays in place until the glue cures With the rubber bands on go to step 1 and reverse the steps to reinstall the band release The glue will take between 24 and 72 hours to fully cure

Repair Step 1: Push and hold both the "Power" button and "Digital Crown" for at least 10 seconds. Release the buttons when the Apple logo appears.

Repair Step 1: Use the ''Torx 5 Screwdriver'' to remove all four 1.1 mm screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Place the watch upside down and lift the back panel from the watch. Remove the battery housing from the watch. Place the housing face up to ensure that the two springs do not fall out. Some have noted that certain features of the watch do not work if the springs are mixed up. Be sure they stay in place.

Repair Step 3: Secure the two springs with two small pieces of scotch tape to ensure the springs do not fall out.

Repair Step 4: Remove the 8 metal latches from the black battery housing. Gently bend the 8 metal latches slightly away from the black battery housing.

Repair Step 5: '''DO NOT''' directly touch the circuit board on the motherboard of the watch. This will render your watch inoperable. Grab the motherboard from its sides and set it aside in a safe place.

Repair Step 6: Separate the clear tape attached to the battery. Be gentle! You will be reusing this tape for the new battery.

Repair Step 7: Prepare your new battery. Secure the battery under the tape. The + sign should face ++away++ from the tape.

Repair Step 1: Using your fingers, press down on the rubber circles to unbuckle the strap from itself. Once you have removed two of the rubber circles from from a side you will be able to unbuckle the strap on that side.

Repair Step 2: Hold the side power button to ensure the watch is completely shut down.

Repair Step 3: To access the battery compartment use the Jaxa-style wrench tool. Secure the midframe while you pop up the back. This will require an extremely high amount of force as there is a rubber seal and the fit is tight.

Repair Step 4: Remove the battery cover by carefully using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or the iFixit opening tool.

Repair Step 5: Disconnect the small ribbon cable connector. Remove the battery from the watch.

Repair Step 1: Orient the watch so that the screen is face up. Remove the five 6 mm black screws from the perimeter of the watch face using the T5 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift up the watch face as it's attached to the motherboard by a ribbon connector. Detach the black connector from the motherboard. A spudger can be used if you have trouble prying the piece with your fingers. Don't pull on the ribbon as it could tear. When the ribbon is disconnected remove the watch face.

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 5mm silver screws on the outer part of the motherboard using the T5 Torx screwdriver. Pull the motherboard out carefully as it is connected on the other side by another ribbon connector.

Repair Step 4: Unlock the ZIF connector and remove the ribbon connector from the back of the motherboard. A Jimmy can be used if you have trouble prying the piece with your fingers. Be careful not to pull on the ribbon as it could tear. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: To remove the battery, you will need to pry it from the glue that holds it in the bottom of the watch using a jimmy. Be extremely careful when prying the battery as there is a very delicate ribbon underneath the battery. When the battery is disconnected from the glue, slowly pull it up out of the watch, while keeping in mind that it is connected to some leads.

Repair Step 6: The battery has a few wires that are soldered into the watch leads. You will need to cut the wires using utility scissors so that you can attach a new battery. When the wires have been cut, remove the battery. The wires on the new battery should be [link|] to the watch leads.

Repair Step 1: Begin by flipping the watch over with its back facing upwards.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to unscrew the four 6.0 mm screws located in each corner of the watch to remove the backplate.

Repair Step 3: Gently lift the backplate up to remove it.

Repair Step 4: After removing the backplate, lift the master switch up from the circuit board.

Repair Step 5: Using a Phillips #00 screwdriver, remove the 0.6 mm screw.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the speaker from the case without disconnecting it from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully lift the bar holding the connection to the screen. Remove the motherboard from the device.

Repair Step 8: Turn the motherboard so the battery is on the bottom and locate the two clips holding the cameras in place. Carefully lift the clips and slide the cameras out.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold the home and back buttons together for at least 8 seconds. After three seconds the display will show a "Power off" button on the screen. Keep pressing the buttons. Let go of the buttons when you see the watch restart.

Repair Step 1: Insert a standard paper clip into the holes on both sides of the watch that connect the watch's face with the wrist strap.

Repair Step 2: Apply an upward pressure to the holes until the locking pins release. Use precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the pins that connect the face with the strap.

Repair Step 3: Once the pins are released, the old wrist strap should snap off. Simply lock the new wrist strap into place.

Repair Step 4: Use the T5 head on the iFixit screwdriver to unscrew the four screws on the back of the watch’s face.

Repair Step 5: Gently remove the backing from the watch.

Repair Step 6: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently pry the golden sensor away from the battery. Remove battery using the plastic opening tools.

Repair Step 1: Set up a workspace. I don't know why but I like setting things up on a paper towel. I wanted to see the crack so I shifted the watch to catch the reflection so that the hairline crack was obvious. Remove the two watch band straps by pressing the respective release button and sliding the strap across its holding track. Pay attention to which strap goes on top and which strap goes on the bottom

Repair Step 2: Using a heat gun or the ifixit iOpener tool, heat the top of the watch. I used a heat gun on low heat from 8-12 inches away moving it slightly back and forth over the watch for about 60 seconds so that the watch face is hot to the touch. There is no need to heat the watch more than 60 seconds on low heat! Also, just as a precaution, do not heat the watch around combustible materials. Based on the excellent series 3 screen repair video by Joe's Gaming and Electronics, I used a feeler gauge to slide slightly down and then slightly horizontal to get under the edge of the oled screen assembly. Starting from the side opposite the digital crown, slowly and with careful control, slide or roll the feeler gauge around the edge of the screen to release the adhesive. After getting one side done you can use a pick to keep that edge open. Keep moving around the screen until you have moved all the way around the screen, DO NOT GO TOO FAR IN with the feeler gage - just along the edges.

Repair Step 3: Carefully lift the display screen and you'll find the screen held by three delicate ribbon cables. You can fold the screen up to work on these three cables. The ribbon cable is held down to the connectors with a custom-shaped piece of tape. Carefully peel the tape up and off of the connectors and ribbon cable. Set it aside on some waxed paper. I sandwiched the ribbon cable tape in waxed paper and kept a weight down on it until I was ready to re-use it. If I had thought of it I would have paid the $3 for the ifixit replacement tape. Each cable is held in a ZIF connector. A small clip lifts up and forward. Use a spudger between the clip and the module behind it and carefully pop the clip up. With the ZIF clips opened up, carefully pull each ribbon cable from its connector and set the display screen aside.

Repair Step 4: Now we can inspect if we did some damage to the gasket when we sliced open the screen. The gasket looked a little ragged in some spots and since I expected that I might need to replace it, I decided to go ahead and remove it.

Repair Step 5: A Tri-Wing Y000 screw (.6 mm) holds an adhesive label on top of the Taptic Engine. The label also hides the connector for the Force Touch Gasket. Remove the screw and peel up the label. It takes a little effort to peel the cover/label due to some adhesive. A gold colored connector sits on top of the force touch sensor module. Pop up the connector and lift up the force touch sensor module. Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers], pull up the force touch sensor gasket starting at one side and going around the watch until the gasket lifts out.

Repair Step 6: Using a little alcohol and q-tips or paper towel and tweezers, clean any residue of adhesive where the gasket was sitting. After cleaning the gasket surface, without peeling off the adhesive protective sheets yet, set the gasket down over top of the perimeter of the watch just to observe the fitment. The ifixit force touch gasket comes contained within a handy removable plastic holder. Once confident with the fitment, peel off the adhesive protective sheet on the under side, line up the gasket to the watch and set it down onto the watch. Press down around the gasket along the edges of the watch where the gasket sits in its groove so that the adhesive can take hold. Remove the plastic holder from the gasket. Note that the gasket upper adhesive protective sheet is still in place.

Repair Step 7: Set the force touch gasket module down into its position which will be covered by the Taptic Engine label /cover. Reconnect the gold colored connector onto the force touch gasket module. Reinstall the taptic engine label/cover onto the tapic engine module and over top of the force touch sensor module.

Repair Step 8: Review the new screen assembly to make sure it is the same size and contains the same modules as the original assembly. With spudger or tweezers, pop open the three ZIF connector clips so the ribbon cables can be inserted and secured. A trick that I found helpful was to cut two strips of Scotch tape and set two of the three ribbon cables on the tape pieces and barely tape them temporarily up to the taptic engine so that only one cable is connected at a time. Line up the ribbon cable and place it just into its connector. Use a spudger or closed tweezers to apply careful pressure on each forward edge to nudge the end of the connector forward to seat the cable end in the connector. Close the ZIF latch by pulling it back toward the top of the connector. For some reason, the first cable seated easily but the middle cable and third cable did not seat easily at all. In fact, I originally closed the watch up and later learned that touch was not working so I had to re-open the watch and reseat the cables. After the first cable is seated, then peel the Scotch tape off of the middle cable and repeat the insertion and seating process and close the ZIF latch. Finally, remove the Scotch tape and insert and seat the final cable and close the ZIF latch.

Repair Step 9: Line up and apply the ribbon cable tape over the cable and ZIF connectors. The tape looked a bit tattered which is why I would prefer to use new tape. Line up the display over the watch body and press the display onto the body and press along the edges so that everything is aligned and sealed. In the event that you have to reopen the watch after the new force touch gasket has been sealed to the display and to watch body, use a bead of B-7000 on the gasket and apply some light holding pressure for several hours. Remove any excess adhesive immediately from the watch. Charge the watch and test everything. I did a complete factory reset and then paired the watch and loaded WatchOS 5.

Repair Step 1: Use the T3 screwdriver to remove the two 2mm screws in the device. The top metal panel should come off with ease once the screws have been removed.

Repair Step 2: Separate the watch band from the bottom metal panel. There is a spring underneath the watch band that may break loose.

Repair Step 3: Remove the spring.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four 2.9 mm screws from the back of the display using a Torx screwdriver. Remove the back cover from the device.

Repair Step 2: Remove the two 2.9 mm Torx screws holding the circuit board in place. Carefully pry the board out using an opening tool.

Repair Step 3: Remove the motherboard assembly from the device. Flip the motherboard over so the screen is facing upwards.

Repair Step 4: Wedge a nylon spudger between the screen and the motherboard. Gently pry the screen up and remove it from the motherboard. Metal spudgers can puncture an unprotected battery and damage components like the motherboard. Always choose a tool that's ESD-safe, such as a nylon spudger or plastic opening tool.

Repair Step 1: The straps are fastened to the watch with a spring bar, which can be collapsed when force is placed on the bar's edge. Pull the strap back to reveal the edge of the spring bar. With a Flathead Screwdriver or Spring Bar Removal Tool, press down on the edge of the spring bar and pull it back until it comes out of its socket.

Repair Step 2: Once the spring bar is released, pull out the other end to detach the strap.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four Tri-point #00 screws (4.2 mm length) on the backside of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Use an opening tool to get between the back cover and the metal housing of the watch. Carefully pry the plastic back cover open. Don't remove the back cover yet. There is a flex cable running to the core assembly inside.

Repair Step 3: Lay down the watch and lift the back cover to access the sensor connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. When closing the watch make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged or replace it with a new one.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Lift the core unit out of the housing. The core's plastic frame sits tight inside the housing. Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap of the core's plastic frame.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently peel both button cables from the plastic frame. The button cables have metal plates behind them. These plates should remain on the cables.

Repair Step 10: Remove the single Phillips #00 screw (3.4 mm length).

Repair Step 11: Insert a spudger into the small gap underneath the motherboard where the cutout in the plastic frame is. Lift the motherboard by twisting the spudger. Slide the motherboard out from under the plastic tab.

Repair Step 12: Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display assembly and the microphone and pressure sensor array.

Repair Step 7: Use an opening pick to peel back the thin tape belonging to the microphone array. When re-assembling make sure this tape properly sticks to the motherboard by pressing it down with the flat end of a spudger.

Repair Step 8: Insert an opening pick at the bottom right between the motherboard and the frame to lift up the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Lift out and remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 10: Use a spudger to loosen the microphone which is fixed to the frame with mild adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to lift the pressure sensor up and out of its recess in the frame.

Repair Step 12: Carefully remove the microphone and barometric sensor array from the frame.

Repair Step 13: You’re left with the screen assembly. Make sure to compare the new screen assembly to the old one for any parts that need to be transferred.

Repair Step 1: Locate the spring latch components on the back of the watch strap.

Repair Step 2: Insert the metal spudger tool into the outer edge of the latch component. Hold the watch securely and press the spring latch component towards you with the metal spudger tool.

Repair Step 3: Remove the strap from the watch. Repeat all steps on the opposite strap.

Repair Step 1: Use your finger or the tip of a spudger to compress the pin securing the watch band. With the pin compressed, remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool to into the small notch next to the microphone hole. Slide the opening tool around the perimeter of the trim ring while prying up slightly to slice through the adhesive securing the ring to the watch. If the trim ring does not readily separate from the watch, heat it with an iOpener or hair dryer to soften the adhesive. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool to slowly pry the button trim ring straight up. If you bend or rotate the trim ring while removing it, you may damage the small pins that secure it. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 4: Use a small pin spanner to unscrew the button. If you don't have access to the proper spanner, you can use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], a very small screwdriver, or a paperclip to unscrew the button assembly. Insert your chosen tool into one of the grooves around the button and push sideways. There is blue thread locker on these threads, so light heat on the button may help to soften the thread locker. Remove the button. There is a small red o-ring that may fall off the button threads when the button is removed. Make sure not to lose the o-ring.

Repair Step 5: While holding the outer case steady, twist the inner watch assembly clockwise until it stops.

Repair Step 6: Hold the outer watch case steady and push against the bottom of the inner assembly to remove the inner assembly from the frame. It should not take much force to push the inner assembly out of the watch frame. If it seems stuck, make sure that you've rotated the inner assembly far enough to release it from the frame.

Repair Step 7: Use a fingernail or opening tool to pry the plastic lower assembly away from the display assembly. Do not completely separate the lower assembly from the display assembly yet. There is a cable connecting the two that must be disconnected first.

Repair Step 8: Use tweezers to remove the small rubber strip between the battery and the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to lift the locking flap on the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 10: Lift the display cable straight out of its connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to gently pry the battery out of the case. The adhesive can be stubborn. If the battery does not come out initially, apply heat to soften the adhesive. If the shield over the motherboard comes off with the battery, use an opening pick to separate the battery and the shield, then snap the shield back onto the motherboard. Do not pull the battery all the way out after you separate it from the shield. There is a fragile battery cable that must be disconnected before the battery is completely removed.

Repair Step 12: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift out the grey plastic cover over the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector and disconnect the battery.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery.

Repair Step 15: After removing the battery the vibration motor will be visible.

Repair Step 16: Using a soldering iron, carefully remove the vibration motor by applying the tool under the vibration motor.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew all four black 3 mm screws on the underside of the watch using a T5 screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Use an X-Acto knife to cut the band above, on either side, and in between the 2 screws. '''Note''': Part of the band is hard plastic. '''Caution''': Once the band is cut it cannot be reattached.

Repair Step 3: Scrape away the glue beneath the hard shell portion of the band to reveal the GPS.

Repair Step 4: Use a PH000 screw head to undo the newly revealed silver 4 mm Phillips screws that were hidden beneath the glue.

Repair Step 5: Using a metal spudger, push down on the plastic gray square clamps on the underside of the device to dislodge the whole silver backing. '''Note''': the buttons will also come off.

Repair Step 6: Use a thin tool to pry the the device apart by lodging it between the clock face and back side of the device. '''Note''': A spudger may not be thin enough to fit in the seam of the device. We used the 6 inch metal ruler from the Pro Tech Toolkit.

Repair Step 7: Remove the touchscreen sensor using a spudger or your fingers. '''Note''': In this photo we removed the metal cover on the main PCB, but you do not need to remove it for this guide.

Repair Step 1: Before disassembling your Gear, be sure it is powered off. To remove each strap, locate the metal latches on both sides of the back of the Gear. Press down on the metal latch while pulling the strap away from the Gear until it is completely off.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.0 mm screws on the back of the Gear using a T5 Torx Screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: Firmly holding the Gear, insert the flat side of the spudger at an angle to pry the back casing off of the device. Move the spudger along the sides of the Gear to completely detach the back and front components. Pry the device open from the other side also if it does not fully disassemble from one side.

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge.

Repair Step 9: Continue sliding your pick along the top edge and around the top right corner, ***stopping just after the digital crown***. Don't slide your pick past the digital crown—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 10: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 12: Flip your watch so the screen is on your workspace and the frame is upright. Keep the screen secured and the frame supported upright for the remaining steps.

Repair Step 13: Use tweezers to peel up the tape covering the two screen cable ZIF connectors.

Repair Step 14: Use the tip of an opening pick to pry up the small, hinged locking flaps on both screen cable [guide|25629|ZIF connectors|stepid=64969|new_window=true].

Repair Step 15: Strong adhesive secures the screen cables. Heating the cables softens the adhesive, making them easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen cables for two minutes to soften the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 16: Slide an opening pick under the screen cables to separate it from the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. Don't use excessive force.

Repair Step 17: Use tweezers to grip ''both'' cables and pull them out of their sockets at the same time.

Repair Step 18: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 6.35 mm Torx T5 screws securing the backing of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Pull the backing off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Pull the battery wires out from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Replace battery module with backing of watch.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.2mm screws with a Y00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: This step will ruin the water-proof seal. Wedge the metal spudger in between the back cover and the frame along the seam. Use force to pry the back cover away from the main watch frame. This step requires a lot of force. You can use a Jimmy in place of a metal spudger to make the process easier.

Repair Step 4: Detach the three connectors on the motherboard using your fingernail. The connectors are easy to pop off. Minimal force is necessary.

Repair Step 5: Separate the motherboard and front screen assembly using a spudger.

Repair Step 6: Using a JIS #00 screwdriver, remove the two 4.5 mm screws.

Repair Step 7: Disconnect the battery ribbon cable from bracket. Be careful with the battery ribbon cable and motherboard cable (located on the side opposite the battery cable, highlighted with the orange box), as they are very easy to break (ours did when disassembling). Note how the end of the ribbon cable seats in the plastic chassis. Look for the plastic pin on the chassis when re-seating during re-assembly. Separate the chassis from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Separate the battery from the motherboard. The battery and the motherboard are secured with adhesive; some force is needed. Lithium-ion batteries are potentially dangerous. Handle with extreme care and do not puncture the battery.

Repair Step 9: When reassembling, place the battery into the plastic assembly first. Don’t stick it to the adhesive first. This way, it’s easy to position the battery cable. When securing the battery cable, make sure the hole that the peg goes through is round. The hole on your replacement battery’s cable could be malformed. You may want to widen the hole before securing the cable. To widen the hole, use the Pro Tech Toolkit’s SIM tool, a small paperclip or similar fine-tipped tool. The tool can also be used to gently press the battery cable into the correct position. Do this carefully to avoid damage. Follow steps 8-1 in reverse order to reassmble.

Repair Step 10: Remove the battery's cable from the chassis using [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 4: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 6: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 7: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 8: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 9: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 10: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 11: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 13: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 14: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 15: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 16: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the the loudspeaker opening at the bottom edge of your watch. When prying up the back cover put a finger on top or the edge of it and hold it down. Too much force during the prying procedure may lead to popping off the back cover too quickly and tearing the rear panel assembly cable. The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use a spudger to pry up the rear panel of your Huawei watch GT 3. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the daughterboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing the rear panel assembly open to an upward position. To avoid straining the rear panel assembly cable during following repair steps you can [link| it against an object of your choice|new_window=true].

Repair Step 5: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black tape off the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 6: Remove the singe 2.2 mm-long Phillips screw securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket. The connector bracket is secured with a small metal hook next to the screw recess. This hook sits very tight und you might need to bend it a little to the side to remove the bracket.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the rear panel assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. Remove the rear panel assembly.

Repair Step 1: Carefully peel back the wristband so the bottom of the device is facing you. Then, pull out the device from one side (on the short edge) and take the device out of the wrist band.

Repair Step 1: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove these four .8mm screws and seperate the housing.

Repair Step 2: Use a spudger tool to disengage the power ribbon from the main board. Once the ribbon is disconnected you can separate the bottom piece of the housing that holds the battery.

Repair Step 3: Use the spudger tool again and wedge it in between the battery and the housing, pry until the battery starts to separate from the adhesive holding it in place. Once you have the battery disconnected you are ready to replace it. Despite the fact that the metal spudger is shown being used in this step, make sure to use a plastic opening tool or nylon spudger to pry up the battery. The metal spudger has a much larger chance of puncturing the battery, and thus should not be used.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to pry open the power ribbon from the main board.

Repair Step 5: Use your Torx T9 screwdriver to remove the one .8mm screw that holds the main board to the watch housing.

Repair Step 6: Use the spudger to pry the motherboard out of the housing.

Repair Step 7: Once removed simply separate the digitizer from the main board.

Repair Step 8: Lastly use your spudger tool to pry the data ribbon open from the motherboard. Once the ribbon is removed the board will be free and you can replace the board.

Repair Step 1: Take the watch band removal tool and insert it in the small slit between watch bezel and the band, resting up against the bezel.

Repair Step 2: Press down of the shaft that holds the band on, while simultaneously dragging the tip of the tool back towards the band in order to compress the spring bar that holds the band on. Drag the tip of the tool away from the bezel while still pressing down in order to remove the shaft from the bezel. The spring shaft may decompress once its out of the bezel and try to shoot away.

Repair Step 3: Repeat these steps on the other side of the band to completely remove the band, ready for cleaning or replacement.

Teardown Step 1: Tired of dull black-n-gray, we picked up a white an' teardown unit with the following specs: 1.65” IPS LCD 400 mAh battery Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 400 processor with 1.2GHz CPU 512 MB RAM / 4 GB Flash 9 Axis (Accelerometer/Compass/Gyro) Bluetooth 4.0

Teardown Step 2: Here it is, in all its marbelous white gold glory. Speaking of which: If your smartwatch committed a crime and was in a police lineup, could you identify it? Left to right we have the [guide|23990|Samsung Gear 2], [guide|24029|Samsung Gear Fit], LG G Watch, and [guide|27038|Samsung Gear Live].

Teardown Step 3: Everyone knows this watch as the G Watch (we're pretty sure because this watch is for —no lower-case Gs need apply), but the official model is LG-W100. We agree that "G Watch" is a much catchier name. More importantly, we spot some T5 screws that will allow for easy, adhesive-free access. Thanks, LG! Things could have been [guide|16050|a lot worse|stepid=50231] for this little guy. We were pretty darn sure the G Watch was utterly buttonless—until we found this cute little paperclip-actuated reset switch on the back. The only other feature in this slick square is the most important one: a microphone allowing you to basically be anytime, anywhere.

Teardown Step 5: Every watch needs to have an exit strategy. Just like batteries, straps eventually wear out, and (just like batteries) should be user-replaceable. The LG G Watch has a more , but trickier, strap removal process than the [guide|27038|Samsung Gear Live|stepid=66762] (and [guide|23990|Gear 2|stepid=61466]). Instead of pulling a built-in pin, you'll need to compress the spring with a thumbnail, [product|IF145-020-5|precision tweezers], or a handy blade. Think of it like a tiny . It helps, we promise.

Teardown Step 6: Alright, alright, back to those not-so-dastardly T5 Torx screws. Let's see what treasure they guard. For all of our T5 Torx screw unscrewing needs, we've got our pro-styles [product|IF145-239|Pro Tech Screwdriver Set]. We remove the four screwy fasteners and use an opening pick to disengage a couple of retaining clips. Presto-blamo—we're inside! When we open these ring-box-like devices, it's almost like we're being proposed to: "Dearest iFixit, ?"

Teardown Step 7: This watch splits apart very similarly to the [guide|27038|Gear Live|stepid=66765]: Rear half has the battery, vibrator, and some other fidgety doodads Front half has the main board and display First treasure extracted: a springy metal retaining clip that secures the battery. It also hosts a chunk of rubber that that connects the reset button to the microswitch on the motherboard. Next victim: the vibrator. This particular unit connects via simple spring contacts, unlike the soldered-to-a-board-connected-to-the-main-board approach the [guide|27038|Gear Live utilizes|stepid=66775].

Teardown Step 8: Time to leave the nest, battery. Tiny strips of double-sided tape hold it securely, but offer little resistance to our spudger. . The 3.8 V, 400 mAh battery holds a 33% edge over the [guide|27038|Gear Live's 300 mAh battery|stepid=66770]. Both watches tout "Always-on" screens, so . Our battery recommends we refer to user's guide. Let's see what's inside: ''"Do not attempt to repair or modify or remanufacture the product. It is equipped with an internal rechargeable battery, which should be replaced only by LG or an authorized LG repair center."'' Okay sure. Just gonna leave . If you can't open it, you don't own it.

Teardown Step 9: A small rubber gasket runs around the perimeter of the LG G, earning it the advertised rating. This means the device is both dust tight, and can withstand immersion in 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. Don't take it SCUBA diving, but feel free to leave it on while you wash the dishes, or maybe even take a shower—if you're feeling .

Teardown Step 10: Thanks to the spring contacts between the two halves of the LG G, we need only dispatch two connectors: display data and digitizer cables. They're easily released with our handy spudger. Just as easily, the motherboard is popped up out of the hefty metal bezel securing the display assembly.

Teardown Step 11: Chips up front: SK Hynix H9TU32A4GDMC 512 MB DRAM—the Qualcomm APQ8026 System on Chip is layered beneath Qualcomm PM8226 power management IC InvenSense 6-axis accelerometer + gyroscope InvenSense INMP441 Microphone 2407 DSH 12EDF

Teardown Step 12: Not much back here: Synaptics ClearPad 3400 series touchscreen controller Broadcom Bluetooth 4.0 controller

Teardown Step 14: After three solid minutes of watching the video in the previous step, and congratulating each other on its fabulous humor (while the iOpener did its thing), the display adhesive is soft enough to relinquish its grip. A little gentle pressure from the back of the LCD gives our opening pick just the edge it needs to sneak in and separate the display from the watch bezel.

Teardown Step 15: LG G Watch Repairability Score: '''9 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) Screws and spring contacts mean the rear case is super easy to remove. The battery is held in with a single Phillips screw and minimal adhesive, making replacement easy. Not the easiest watch band to remove, but an old standard that shouldn't pose much of a threat to band-replacers. Clean design with few fragile cables and connectors means a more robust, repair-ready device. A fused display assembly, glued into the front of the device, makes screen replacement a little difficult and costly.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew Tri-screw and remove small plate cover. Then, remove these two Tri-screws.

Repair Step 2: Undo both connectors highlighted. Then the Taptic engine should be able to be lifted out. The Taptic engine has some adhesive on the cable outlined in blue that sticks it to the speaker.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect this connector. Then remove these 3 tri-screws.

Repair Step 4: Remove the speaker slowly. Where my [product|IF145-020|tweezers] are located seems to be the best place to remove the speaker.

Repair Step 5: 4 more Tri-screws are removed here. Gently pulling back the screen flex cables reveals 2 more Tri-screws that should be removed. Then the brackets can be removed with tweezers.

Repair Step 6: Remove these 2 Tri-screws. After taking off the first bracket, take of the next Tri-screw and remove the second bracket.

Repair Step 7: Disconnect the Power button FPC. The FPC here has 2 connections. DO NOT pry in the middle as it may bend.

Repair Step 8: Starting in the bottom right corner as show here. Gently wedge in a spudger and pry up on the board. Once you are able to get a good hold on the board move try pulling down and to the right in a clockwork motion. Do this motion slowly as there is a final connector under the board.

Repair Step 9: Once the board is lifted out, the final connector is highlighted. Disconnect and you are all done! Repeat steps backwards to put everything back together.

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Grab the watch once it is separated from the wristband.

Repair Step 4: Flip over the watch and remove the four 3.0 mm Torx head screws with a T4 Torx head screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two 3.0 mm Torx screws from the front. Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws. The two 3.0 mm Torx screws are painted blue at the end. These screws have screw holders around them that will also need to be removed. Unscrew the screws from the front of the watch casing and the screw holders fall out from the back of the watch casing.

Repair Step 6: Gently pull the back panel away from the front panel. Do not to pull too fast or too hard. There are red and black wires connected to the vibrator component that should not be ripped.

Repair Step 7: Gently wiggle the black box vibrator component away from the back panel with your fingers or a Spudger tool. Be gentle with the red and black wires. You do not want them to rip or pop out. The vibrator component is the small black box with the silver metal part at end. The black box is glued down, so it will take a little force to free it and it will be sticky.

Repair Step 8: Now lift the smaller square of copper off the Front Panel. Use the bent, metal precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] and slide it under the smaller square of copper lining then gently lift it up. You will need to be gentle and pull the copper slowly so that it does not rip.

Repair Step 9: Use the bent, metal precision tweezers to remove the thin copper piece from large square silver piece in the Front Casing. You will need to be gentle and pull the copper slowly so that it does not rip.

Repair Step 10: Remove the two 2.0 mm Torx Head screws with the T5 Torx screwdriver.

Repair Step 11: Use your fingers to gently pull the whole green motherboard out of the Front Casing. If you have trouble using your fingers, then use the black Spudger tool.

Teardown Step 1: Removing the metal backplate is simple. This is just stuck on with some flexible glue. So prise something under and off it pops. Inside you can see a number of large cut outs in the rear of the plastic casing. Note the small pinhole in the metal backplate that aligns with the rubber sealed hole in the plastic casing - more on that later. There is also a very small ground out area inside the metal backplate that appears to align with the rotating mass of the vibrator.

Teardown Step 2: The plastic casing is made up of two parts stuck together. Using a precision utility knife, carefully cut along the seam. There are plastic clips at each end that are easy to cut through inadvertently if you go too deep. The front now lifts away cleanly.

Teardown Step 3: Inside the front cover you see the LCD display, attached by ribbon cable and stuck firmly onto the PCB. Above the display, running down the right hand side of the device front, is the antenna. Lifting the LCD glass just results in destroying it, and there is nothing interesting underneath anyway.

Teardown Step 4: The PCB lifts out from the back of the plastic housing easily. Notice how the battery is supported on stand-offs from the rear of the PCB. The battery is held in place with a small foam block adhering to the battery and PCB. Cut that away and the battery lifts off.

Teardown Step 5: Now we get to see some more interesting parts. The has a sticker, likely for inventory control, so take that off to see what we have underneath. You can also see the spring-loaded paddles at the bottom of the PCB that connect to the device charging pins. The power control module for the battery is wrapped up near the battery terminals.

Teardown Step 6: Here we get a good view of what's inside: ARM-based SoC microcontroller Bluetooth chip Accelerometer labelled 8304 AE D42 oW altimeter Protection circuit module for battery Polymer Li-Ion Battery PCB mounted vibration motor

Teardown Step 7: The air pressure hole, required for the altimeter, is protected by a piece of paper held in place by a foam collar. In turn, the inside of the plastic cover presses onto a foam collar around the altimeter on the PCB. This makes the device sweat proof, but not water tight.

Teardown Step 8: Too bad the display was damaged during teardown. Looks like a tidy, well-designed bit of tech! Conclusion is that the FitBit One is not an easily repairable device. The device is not designed to be opened, so you will do some damage by cutting it open Taking things apart will compromise the water resistance of the device, and the LCD display is easily broken by any flexing or attempts to modify.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the middle loudspeaker opening at the top edge of your watch.

Repair Step 4: The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use the spudger to pry up the back cover assembly of your Huawei watch GT 2. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully swing the back cover assembly open to an upward position.

Repair Step 6: Remove the two 2.3 mm-long Phillips #00 screws.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezer to remove the metal shield covering the multi-purpose flex connector.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the multi-purpose flex connector.

Repair Step 9: Separate the back cover assembly from the watch case.

Repair Step 10: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the main flex cable from the daughterboard.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the watch buttons flex cable from the daughterboard.

Repair Step 12: Use the flat end of a spudger to lift the right edge of the daughterboard off its socket.

Repair Step 13: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the daughterboard.

Repair Step 14: Remove the three 2.3 mm-long Phillips #00 screws.

Repair Step 15: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal shield covering the display connectors.

Repair Step 16: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the left display flex cable.

Repair Step 17: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the right display flex cable.

Repair Step 18: Use a pair of tweezers to carefully peel the watch button flex cable off the motherboard and fold it to the side.

Repair Step 19: Remove the motherboard.

Teardown Step 1: Before we dive in, let's judge this book by its cover just a little: 1.43 inch circular AMOLED touch display with 466 x 466 pixels (326 ppi) and a 60 Hz refresh rate 2 GB RAM and 16 GB internal storage Updated sensor array with newly included temperature sensor 10 W wireless charging 5 ATM water resistance (50 meters) So far so good—let's dig deeper!

Teardown Step 2: Looking at this huge box, we'd expect the Huawei Watch 3 to be a little bit bigger—or at least to find a couple more watches. This model goes by the the name '''GLL-AL04''' and sports a digital crown and a side button. Does the digital crown remind you of anything? [link| can't seem to place it.|new_window=true] On the rear we can already spot four screws securing the back cover (a good sign!) but the tiny notch behind the top band indicates a slightly more... ''complex'' opening procedure.

Teardown Step 3: The Watch 3 has some stiff competition. From left to right: [link| Watch 2|new_window=true], Huawei Watch 3, and the [link| Watch3|new_window=true]. We see an increased display size compared to [link| predecessor|new_window=true], courtesy of the smaller bezel. Where the Galaxy [link|] puts that bezel to work navigating menus and scrolling, the Huawei Watch 3 delegates those tasks to its digital crown. On the back, we see Huawei doubled down on the optical sensors—and switched to wireless charging, as the contact pads of yesteryear are no more.

Teardown Step 4: With the four rear Torx screws out of the way we'd hoped to [link| in with just an opening tool|new_window=true], but this year's Huawei timepiece needs a little [link| force|new_window=true]. Some heat and a Jimmy finally crack our clam open to reveal adhesive instead of a repair-friendly [link| gasket|new_window=true] keeping the watch watertight. The proper tool for prying would probably be a [link| knife|new_window=true]. ''"Hey [link|], add a watchmaker's knife to my shopping list."'' Strong adhesive paired with a flex cable butted up close to the cover's edge makes for a harrowing opening journey. Moving that cable out of harm's way and opting for a reusable rubber gasket would simplify the procedure.

Teardown Step 5: After popping the watch open, the Jimmy returns for some more heavy-duty prying. Most of the components in the sensor assembly are held in place by Phillips screws or brackets, and a couple rivets. ''Riveting!'' Regardless of fastener, the components are stuck on non-removable flex cables, hampering repairs. Not to mention the sensor array itself which is heavily secured to the back cover. All our hard work yields only ''one'' replaceable part on the back cover—the loudspeaker. At least we got something. While optical heart rate and blood oxygen sensors are common in smartwatches, a [link| sensor|new_window=true] is rather new. Maybe it's not the worst to [link| your body temperature] once in a while, especially in this day and age.

Teardown Step 6: With one more small bracket out of the way we have full access to the battery. A little spudgering here, a little sputtering there, and the battery's free from its adhesive. This powerhouse is rated at '''1.78 Wh''' (460 mAh @ 3.87 V) and is supposed to offer you 3 days of fun with your smartwatch—or up to ''[link|%5Blink%7C]'' in "ultra-long battery life mode!" For comparison, the [link| Mi Watch (2021)] battery packs '''1.62 Wh''' but allegedly lasting 16 days—either an efficiency or marketing difference there. The [link| Watch3] comes with '''1.3 Wh''', and the [link| Watch Series 6] with '''1.17 Wh'''. The battery, like many others, uses a classic soft-shell design. It makes us wonder why Apple seems to be the only manufacturer experimenting with [link| pouch batteries|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 7: The motherboard finally grants us a break from prying—a Phillips driver is all we need to free this board. Motherboard out of the way, we turn to the 1.43-inch AMOLED screen and it's back to adhesive. That display is ''firmly'' adhered. And is it just us, or is that ambient light sensor waving at us... mockingly? Since this watch is already in its third generation with a variety of offshoots, we'd hope for a more repair-friendly solution by now. Maybe Huawei could take a page from Samsung's [link| Watch|new_window=true] book?

Teardown Step 8: With the motherboard out, we find the bottom of it rather… unspectacular at first sight. A big battery recess and all of the cable connectors set up camp here, but deeper down we spot some hidden chips: CMJRD11G04G 16 GB NAND flash storage (likely) layered above maybe a WiFi processor Ambiq Micro [link|] Apollo4 SoC Runic RS7222 USB 2.0 DPDT analog switch (likely) We're not in the mood to camp here with them for long, so we hurry over to more important sightseeing. Onward!

Teardown Step 9: The top of the motherboard offers the following important-looking silicon: GF2EE1-16G-X 2 GB SDRAM (likely) with a HiSilicon Hi6262 Kirin 710 layered underneath HiSilicon Hi6556 GFCV100 Power IC HiSilicon Hi6D05 Power Amplifier Module Airoha [link|] RFSoC GPS receiver HiSilicon Hi1132—which is basically the [link| A1] (running an ARM Cortex-M7 SoC) w/ Bluetooth controller Texas Instruments [link|] Single Cell Battery Charger HiSilicon Hi6353 RF transceiver (likely)

Teardown Step 10: Smaller (and still important!) bits and pieces: STMicroelectronics [link|] NFC controller HiSilicon 6H03S LNA/RF switch (likely) 85G1 AAAC, likely an antenna switch module HiSilicon 656211 power management IC Cirrus Logic 35L36A audio amplifier X-Powers [link|] 2-channel audio capture A/D converter Omnivision Group (formerly Will Semiconductor) [link|] 2:1 SPDT analog switch

Teardown Step 11: With that, the Huawei Watch 3's time with us is over. All these glued and connected parts means we're left with a lot of big pieces, but at least the battery—which is guaranteed to eventually fail—is out of the watch. Unfortunately we don't see that much evolution repair-wise from this series. Quite the opposite: more components crammed in and fewer that are independently replaceable. Let's go ahead and see what all that means for scoring!

Teardown Step 12: The Huawei Watch 3 earns a '''5 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Only press fit connectors are used with no overlapping cables. Once the watch is open, the battery is easy to access and replace. Opening the watch is doable, but not easy, due to the back cover's tight fit and use of adhesive instead of gaskets. The only separately-accessible part on the back cover (the loudspeaker) requires some digging, and is glued into a tight recess. A broken display requires replacing the main watch case which houses the screen. The back cover and attached sensors requires a complete replacement if any of its components fails.

Repair Step 1: Use a spudger or your fingernail to push back the release lever on one of the two straps on the underside of the Fitbit. You may experience some resistance from the release, but don't use excessive force, as it may damage the release levers.

Repair Step 2: As you pull back the release lever, shift the strap diagonally. Remove from the Fitbit strap. Repeat the process for the other strap.

Repair Step 3: Now that the old straps are detached from the Fitbit, take the opportunity to clean the watch and strap connection points. Use a spudger to clean the inside of the strap chamber. Scrape out any residue or grime that may have built up over the past months or years.

Repair Step 4: Slide the replacement straps into the given slot and the lever will click back into place.

Repair Step 5: The straps should be secure and you can wear your watch again!

Repair Step 1: Before starting, take your Fitbit Charge 2 off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band on both sides.

Repair Step 2: [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and apply it to the touch screen for two minutes. The screen is not glued down, but the heat helps to loosen the touch screen assembly from your watch.

Repair Step 3: [link| an iSesamo] into the gap between the touch screen and the watch assembly on the top left corner. Slide the iSesamo along the left edge to the bottom left corner.

Repair Step 4: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom left corner. Slide it along the edge to the bottom right corner.

Repair Step 5: Slide the iSesamo around the bottom right corner. Keep sliding it along the right edge to the top right corner.

Repair Step 6: Slide the iSesamo around the top right corner. Slide it along the top edge to the top left corner.

Repair Step 7: Place the iSesamo under the top left corner. Feel free to reattach the watch band for this and the next step for a better grip. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap and unhinge the plastic clips which are holding the screen in place.

Repair Step 8: Place the iSesamo under the top right corner. Pry up the touch screen assembly by twisting the iSesamo sideways to create a gap.

Repair Step 9: Insert a spudger into the gap on the top edge of your Fitbit Charge 2. Use the spudger to pry up the touch screen assembly. Do not remove the touch screen assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 10: Carefully fold the touch screen assembly in the direction of the bottom edge.

Repair Step 1: Locate the spring-loaded pin that attaches the wrist strap to the watch. There is a tiny groove on the end of the pin. This is where you will place the [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 2: Take care not to lose the spring-loaded pin when removing the strap. Use the tweezers to compress the spring-loaded pin so the strap can be removed.

Repair Step 3: Pull the wristband away from the watch face.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to loosen the gasket and create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch screen-side down. Carefully swing open the back cover at the gap you just created. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard by prying the [link| connector] straight up from its socket. During reassembly, this is a good point to turn on your device and test your repair before resealing it.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. During reassembly: Make sure the rubber gasket (marked in red) is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one to maintain water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the button flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the single 4.4 mm–long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch, clearing the two flex cables.

Repair Step 10: Place a spudger into the small gap between the plastic frame and the battery, opposite the display cable. Carefully pry the battery up and out of its recess. The battery is adhered to the core with mild adhesive. If it feels stuck, lightly heat it with an or hair dryer to soften the adhesive underneath. Don't try to fully remove the battery just yet, as its connector is still adhered to the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Lift the battery up enough to access its glued-down connector cable. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery connector from the frame. You'll most likely be able to reuse the existing adhesive to secure the new battery. If it's not sticky enough, use [guide|113604|double sided or pre-cut adhesive tape|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers or your fingers to remove the battery. Don't accidentally poke or slice the battery with any sharp tools. A punctured battery may leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Never reuse a deformed or damaged battery—it's a fire hazard. Replace it with a new battery. To install a new battery: Use tweezers or your fingers to remove the old adhesive from the frame. Use high-concentration isopropyl alcohol (>90%) and a lint-free cloth to remove any remaining adhesive residue. If your replacement battery isn‘t already equipped with adhesive, apply thin, double-sided tape such as [link| Tape] directly to the battery recess where the old adhesive was. Lay the replacement battery in its recess and press down firmly to secure it.

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 4: Use a heatgun to loosen the adhesive beneath the screen, it should take a 5-10 minutes for adhesive to loosen. Handle the watch with care to avoid burning yourself after it has been heated. Review the [guide|151116|How to Use a Heat Gun to Soften Adhesive|new_window=true] guide.

Repair Step 5: Wedge a thin opening tool or your iFixit Jimmy in between the seam where the screen and the watch’s housing connect. Pry the screen off the device. There is a cable underneath the screen that needs to be disconnected - be careful not to rip it. Work quickly so the adhesive doesn’t cool too much.

Repair Step 6: Carefully disconnect both cables from the motherboard by placing the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Remove the screen.

Repair Step 8: Carefully peel off the ribbon tape that is holding down the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Place the tip of your spudger under the edge of the connector, and pry the connector straight up from its socket to disconnect the battery from the motherboard. Do this carefully to avoid ripping the cable.

Repair Step 10: Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 3.2 mm screw on the motherboard. Use a Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove the 4.8 mm screw on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Pull the battery cable up to dislodge the motherboard. Gently remove the motherboard from the socket. The motherboard may get caught under the housing due to the clips on the edge.

Repair Step 12: Use the pointed tip of a spudger to carefully push on each side of the battery connector to disconnect the battery from the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to pry the battery from the case. Be careful not to damage any surrounding components. There is an adhesive holding the battery down. Use an [guide|11677|iOpener|new_window=true] if it is too difficult to remove the battery with the spudger alone.

Repair Step 14: Wedge a spudger or your iFixit Jimmy in between the button's snap ring and the watch housing. Carefully pry the snap ring off the button. Remove the button and components from the watch housing.

Teardown Step 1: Here's what we do know about this Pebble Time smartwatch : Low-power, 1.25-inch, 64-color, LED-backlit e-paper display 6-axis inertial measurement unit, compass, ambient light sensor, microphone Bluetooth 4.0 Lithium-ion polymer battery with a battery life of up to 7 days between charges Apart from the e-paper display, what sort of technological whizbangery makes for 7-day battery life in a modern smartwatch? We're about to find out.

Teardown Step 2: The Pebble Time features a color e-paper display. The back of the smartwatch is adorned with several markings, along with the port for the charging dock. This we've seen a smartwatch that boasts a water resistance of 30 meters. Increased water resistance often means sacrificed repairability. Hopefully, Pebble has taken the time to work repairability into the equation. That , that we tore down a few weeks ago, seems to . It seems that Pebble is the only company with the stones to tout their 30 meter resistance outright. The Time includes a proprietary USB charging cable with magnetic connectors (silver contact points) coupled with charging contact points (gold contacts).

Teardown Step 3: We're all about comparing apples and , so we start off by seeing how the Time relates to another . This 38 mm Apple Watch Edition will have to suffice. While they're roughly the same size, and serve somewhat similar functions, these displays take radically different approaches: The minimalist, 144 x 168, 64-color, Gorilla Glass-topped e-paper screen on the Pebble stays on all the time—without compromising the battery. On the other hand, the Apple Watch's touch-sensitive, sapphire-covered, 272 x 340 display is pretty, but also power hungry—so it spends most of its time switched off to conserve power. Another immediately noticeable difference is in the weight. At 42.5 grams, the Time clocks in at well under half the heft of the 93-gram Apple Watch Edition. Our [link| model|new_window=true] also notes that the Pebble's band feels a bit softer and more comfortable. Which is more durable? Only time will tell. Did we mention there's a price difference? There's a price difference.

Teardown Step 4: Unlike the current batch of smartwatches on the market, the Pebble Time does not have a capacitive touch display. Instead, it relies on good ol' fashioned buttons (up, down, and select). Bonus, the Pebble Time has a microphone! Swapping bands is a breeze; simply pop the metallic pegs off the posts and swap. Pop and swap. Customizers take note: The Time is compatible with a plethora of industry-standard 22 mm watch bands. Go wild. With both bands out of the way, we proceed to remove the display with the help of our iOpener.

Teardown Step 5: With a minimum amount of heat applied to the front bezel, we use an opening pick to pry along the perimeter of the Pebble Time. Open, uh, sarsaparilla? Uh, open Saskatchewan? Open, septuagenarian? Uh, open, saddle soap? Open, sesame! And with that, the front bezel (includes the glass) surprisingly separates from the Pebble Time. , we've seen displays fused to a device's front glass—a process that makes for thin displays that are nearly impossible to repair. Good news everyone! The color e-paper display is '''NOT''' fused to the front glass. Now that we've sliced open the waterproof seal, this Pebble won't be splashing around any time soon—although some say that float in water.

Teardown Step 6: We use a spudger to lift the display from its housing and are momentarily reminded of the cable wrangling that we had to perform in a . No time for origami here. We're happy to see that the display cable is only folded in half once. We quickly spudger the display connector from the motherboard and move on to the battery connector. Wait, where is the battery connector?

Teardown Step 7: We go in for a closer look at the display, which in itself does a great job encapsulating the design choices and trade-offs of the Pebble Time. With its comparatively limited color range (64 colors) and brightness, this display doesn't "pop" in the same way as some other smartwatch screens—but it has the distinct advantage of being always on, and of being fully visible in direct sunlight. If you just want to know the time, it's there. No need to flick your wrist or squint at the display. However, there's also a manually-activated LED backlight, meaning there are still times when the display might be hard to read without a little brightness boost. Pebble tells us this is a low-power, memory-in-pixel LCD. Through a microscope, we can see how the color trick is handled—different sized subpixels mix to create color.

Teardown Step 8: To remove the motherboard, we need to disconnect a couple connectors and take out four Phillips #00 screws. A quick flick of the spudger painlessly frees the U-shaped motherboard. No adhesives or here.

Teardown Step 9: We've chipped away at this Pebble—now let's have a look at the motherboard. Front-side ICs include: ST Micro 180 MHz ARM Cortex-M4-based MCU Spansion 128 Mb, 65 nm MirrorBit Flash Texas Instruments Bluetooth and Dual-Mode Controller Ambient light sensor

Teardown Step 10: More ICs adorning the back side: Lattice Field Programmable Gate Array +14690B EWXS 9.504 AB Power Management IC; likely Maxim Integrated's Linear Tech Linear Regulator (Pebble tells us that the LT3009 is included for supplying power to the upcoming Smartstraps) (6-axis IMU with acceleroemeter and gyroscope) Freescale Xtrinsic 3D Digital Magnetometer Texas Instruments Motor Driver The blue arrow points to the data in/out pin; above it in red is the power in/out pin and below it is the smartstrap/charging ground pin. The red arrow points to the positive (+) battery connector and next to it in black is the negative (-) connector.

Teardown Step 11: we got a clear view of the battery. This 150 mAh, 0.57 Wh, 3.8 V battery packs a bit less punch than even the smallish 205 mAh, 0.78 Wh battery we found in the . That's also about ''half'' the juice of other recent smartwatches, like the and the —but with its e-paper display, that the Time can last up to seven days between charges.

Teardown Step 12: The microphone and vibrator assembly is next to be plucked out of (the) Time. This is a microphone, waterproofed by a membrane behind the microphone port. Since the Pebble is with Siri or Google Now, we asked Pebble what the microphone ''is'' going to be used for. They told us it's there for voice replies, and soon, voice notes. Neat! We're all abuzz as we find the rotating mass vibrator soldered to the cable assembly, making replacement a tad bit more difficult.

Teardown Step 13: We're running out of things to pull from this Pebble's chassis. Those quality control markings prove difficult to grasp with our [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. We asked and Pebble answered: these marks are confirmation that the rear case passed a water resistance inspection, which every rear case is subjected to before it gets to become a Time. We manage to seize hold of this small c-clip securing the back button, which obligingly comes free for inspection. The springy button is waterproofed by a small rubber o-ring.

Teardown Step 14: Pebble Time Repairability Score: '''9 out of 10''' The watch band is an industry standard 22 mm band with a quick release mechanism, meaning replacement bands will be easy to source and install. The Pebble Time uses standard Phillips #00 screws inside, and once you're inside, components are fairly modular and very easy to remove. The front glass and e-paper display are not fused together—the two components can be replaced independently, lowering repair cost. Although the battery is tucked away under the motherboard, it is modular and removable. Removing the front glass requires heat and replacement adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. Try not to slice near the watch crown to prevent damaging the display cables. If you must slice near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 10: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the rear side of the watch to loosen the battery adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes.

Repair Step 11: From this point, the battery removal procedure for the 40 mm watch differs slightly from the 44 mm version. If you're replacing the battery for a 40 mm watch, continue with [guide|137587|this step|stepid=286360]. If you're replacing the battery for a 44 mm watch, continue with [guide|137587|this step|stepid=275039].

Repair Step 12: The following four steps show how to remove the battery from a '''40 mm''' Apple Watch Series 6. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 13: The battery flex cable is long enough to allow you to place the battery outside the watch case, but avoid straining the cable when you lift the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift and swing the battery out of its recess.

Repair Step 14: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector.

Repair Step 15: Remove the battery. Don't reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you're reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high concentration isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 16: The following four steps show how to remove the battery from a '''44 mm''' Apple Watch Series 6. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the mainboard. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 17: The battery flex cable is long enough to place the battery outside the watch case during the following procedure but avoid straining it when lifting the battery out of its recess. Carefully lift the battery out of its recess and place it outside the watch case opposite to the Taptic Engine.

Repair Step 18: Remove the single 1.2 mm-long tri point Y000 screw.

Repair Step 19: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal shield covering the battery connector.

Repair Step 20: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery connector.

Repair Step 21: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high concentration isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 1: Disassemble the bracelet and open the watch (refer to the tutorial on replacing the motherboard

Repair Step 2: Disassemble the mother board (refer to The barometer is visible inside the red circle on the photo

Repair Step 3: Using a small flat screwdriver or pliers, remove the red seal around the barometric sensor. The sensor is strongly glued and welded on the mother board. Beware of the micro components positioned nearby, avoid taking support on them when removing the seal. Unsolder or cut short the black/red wires soldered on the casing.

Repair Step 4: A blue dot allows the good position/orientation of the component. Take note of the position of this dot prior removing the faulty component. Component ref MS580502BA01-50

Repair Step 5: With a 350°C soldering iron and a desoldering wick remove as much solder as possible. Then try to remove the component with angled pliers It is likely that the component wont come out (solder below it + component glued to the board). The only solution that I've found was to cut to pieces the component with mini cutting pliers. The target is to get a somewhat clean and flat surface where to put the new component while keeping the soldering pads and without destroying nearbie components. That is the most complex operation.

Repair Step 6: Put a VERY SMALL drop of glue (no cyanoacrylate, use a glue that solidifies slower like epoxy so that you can correct misplacement of the component) in the component placement area and put it in there (***take care to place the component so that the blue dot is at the right position!***) Solder the 4 contacts with a thin head soldering iron. The use of flux will probably help since the solders are very small.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wristband by sliding the metal pins located on both sides of the wrist band, and pulling the wristband off.

Repair Step 2: Use a T5 Torx Screwdriver to remove the 4 (0.4 mm) screws located on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Slide the opening tool in between the two halves of the case and slide along the edge of the watch while gently prying the back cover away from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery ribbon cable off of the back cover. Avoid damaging the gold terminals on the ribbon cable. When reassembling, make sure that the yellow strip snaps back on to the black pin. The pin is located, and marked on the picture. Pull up on the tab that says, “Pull”, the battery will lift straight out.

Repair Step 5: Using the plastic opening tool, pull up on the flex connector. It will come off the motherboard, but will stay attached to the cover like a hinge.

Repair Step 6: It is recommended to use antistatic wrist wrap whenever removing the motherboard. Place the plastic opening tool underneath the motherboard at this location. Gently pry the motherboard away from the front cover. It should pop off and be free from the cover. Attached to the motherboard is the infrared LED Light. To replace the IR LED, you may need to replace the entire motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Use the spudger and apply pressure to the back of the AMOLED display. Make sure to stay within the area marked to avoid damaging the device.

Repair Step 8: Once part of the display begins detaching from the front cover, place the spduger in between the display and the front cover.

Repair Step 9: Use the spudger to scrape off the adhesive located on the bottom side of the display, attaching the display to the front cover. Be careful when doing this step as it could potentially break the display and/or the case if not followed properly.

Repair Step 10: After the adhesive has been removed, apply pressure with the spudger to the back of the AMOLED display; the display should pop right out.

Repair Step 1: With a sharp and thin object, press and open the plastic shell, equipped with the charging connectors, upwards. It is attached with glue , to facilitate , it can also be heated. Do not completely remove the shell but lift it because the connector is attached to the mainboard.

Repair Step 2: Lift the plastic cover and disconnect the charging connector from the mainboard.

Repair Step 3: Disconnect the other 4 connectors that remain to remove the battery and mainboard block.

Repair Step 4: Remove mainboard and battery block from display front housing

Repair Step 5: With a philips screwdriver remove the two screws that hold the mainboard and the battery to the plastic shell.

Repair Step 6: The battery is held on the mainboard with little glue.Easy to remove

Repair Step 1: Assemble the watch with the broken wristband, along with the replacement parts. I don't have many specific suggestions here. I just googled watchband replacement for the Garmin Forerunner 25 and found this package for $6.99 on Amazon. It came with the small screwdrivers you will need to swap out the wristband, so I considered this a good price.

Repair Step 2: Pretty simple, but insert one screwdriver on either side and hold one in place while loosening the other side (lefty loosey, rightey tightey). It takes more turning than initially expected, but comes apart eventually into two interlocking screws.

Repair Step 3: Align new watch band, insert the screws, and do the inverse of what you did to tighten the screws through the watchband, rightey tightey.

Repair Step 4: Repeat the same removal and replacement steps on the other side. This was my first time doing it, and as you can see from the timing on the watch it took me less than 15 minutes total. New silicone band is quite comfortable and sturdy. In all, it took about 5 days for the band to be delivered and $6.99 total, plus 15 mins to replace myself.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 1: Insert a standard paper clip into the holes on both sides of the watch that connect the watch's face with the wrist strap.

Repair Step 2: Apply an upward pressure to the holes until the locking pins release. Use precision [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the pins that connect the face with the strap.

Repair Step 3: Once the pins are released, the old wrist strap should snap off. Simply lock the new wrist strap into place.

Repair Step 1: To avoid burning your hands, make sure to hold only the thin edges of the iOpener. Heat the iOpener. Instructions on how to do this can be found here: [guide|11677|iOpener Instructions] Firmly press the frame of the band against the iOpener, and hold it in place for about 90 seconds. When using the iOpener, make sure to wrap it partially around the sides.

Repair Step 2: Using a spudger, lightly press upwards against one corner of the frame, then the other along the corner of the short edge. Alternating between the same two corners, continue pressing until there's about a 1-2 mm gap between that end of the frame and the body.

Repair Step 3: Do not pull the frame away too quickly. The screen may be stuck to the frame, and pulling on it could cause damage. If the screen is still attached, lightly push on the screen with a finger and it should pop out. Insert the spudger into the gap under the frame, and lightly slide it about 3/4 of the way down one of the long edges, then repeat with the other. If the frame doesn't simply pop off, try sliding the spudger the rest of the way down the long edges, and lightly lift the frame with your fingers. When re-assembling, make sure the frame's microphone hole is on the same side as the sensor board underneath.

Repair Step 4: Do not rip the yellow ribbon cable from the motherboard. Gently lift the LCD screen from the components using your fingertips.

Repair Step 5: Lightly pry up the black connector from the motherboard using a spudger. Pull the entire LCD screen gently upward to detach the yellow ribbon cable.

Repair Step 6: Using the spudger or the plastic opening tool, gently lift the sensor ribbon.

Repair Step 7: Using the spudger or the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently detach the golden connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Using the T3 Torx screwdriver, remove the two 2 mm T3 screws. When you are reassembling, lift the sensor ribbon so that it's not in the way.

Repair Step 9: Be gentle. Make sure not to rip apart the cord underneath that connects the heart-rate monitor to the motherboard. Using the spudger and your fingers, gently lift the motherboard from the band socket. You should feel a "pop."

Repair Step 10: Gently flip the motherboard so that you are viewing the motherboard from underneath. Using the tweezers, gently detach the golden connector from the back of the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: To remove the Gear 2 Neo's watch band, start by locating the small metal levers on either end of the band. Using your finger, push downward on the lever to release the band locking mechanism. Note: If you have especially short fingernails, it may be easier to use a Spudger to depress the levers. Continue to hold the lever down and pull the end of the band away from the watch to completely detach it. Repeat this process for the other side of the band to fully release it.

Repair Step 2: Start by removing the four Torx T5 Security Screws from the back panel of the Watch Assembly.

Repair Step 3: Once the four Torx screws have been removed from the Watch Assembly, using a spudger, gently pry the front and back halves of the watch away from each other. This is best accomplished by placing the head of the spudger in the space between the two halves and rotating the head until the two halves split apart. Be careful not to let the spudger slip into the casing too far; doing so could damage the internal components. Once the two halves have separated simply lift the back half up and away from the front half to complete this step. There are no cables connecting the front and back halves of the watch together; there is no need to worry about pulling any cables or connectors out in this step.

Repair Step 4: Once separated, the back half of the device is easily distinguished from the front by the large white battery. Take a moment to familiarize yourself with the important components presented in this half of the device before continuing. 300 mAh Battery Battery Connector (attached by way of adhesive) Device Speaker. Be aware that the orange lining around the edge of the device forms part of the seal that prevents moisture from entering the main assembly. Be careful to not disturb this lining or the Gear 2 Neo will become dramatically less water resistant.

Repair Step 5: To remove the battery, simply use the provided tab labeled "pull" to separate the battery from the casing. Do not pull the battery all the way out quite yet; there is still the matter of detaching the battery connector. There is a small application of adhesive on the underside of the battery. When lifting the battery away, if you feel a bit of resistance, feel free to press down on the casing to give yourself a bit of leverage. Caution: Be very careful not to puncture the battery in this step or while recycling; doing so can result in the release of dangerous gases and an explosive reaction. Finally, using a spudger, separate the end of the battery connector cable, (held in place by another small application of adhesive and a plastic pin) from the casing.

Repair Step 6: Installing the new battery is as easy as setting the new battery in the indent made for it and re-seating the connector around the pin. With this done, the repair is complete! Be sure to recycle the old rechargeable battery in a safe manner. Please check nearby for recycling centers and drop-offs for electronic waste.

Repair Step 1: Hold the the metal screwdriver, with a T5 Torx bit, in your dominant hand. Hold the rubber screwdriver, with a Hex T6 Torx bit, in your other hand. While holding the rubber screwdriver in place, simultaneously unscrew the pin (counterclockwise) with the metal screwdriver in your dominant hand.

Repair Step 2: Once the 1mm screw is removed, reinsert the metal screwdriver in that same hole. Gently push the strap's pin out. It will begin to protrude from the other end. Use your fingers to grab the exposed pin and slide it free. The strap should now be disconnected from the device.

Repair Step 3: Place a heated iOpener over the display to loosen the adhesive. After about a minute, the iOpener may be removed. For more in depth instructions on using the iOpener, refer to the .

Repair Step 4: Place the blue plastic opening tool in-between the screen and plastic casing of the watch and slowly pry up one side of the screen.

Repair Step 5: Once the first side has come free, wedge the blue pick in between the screen and watch unit on that side. Complete one pass around the perimeter of the screen to break the adhesive bond on all four sides. Insert it a minimal distance to avoid damaging internal components.

Repair Step 6: Use the blue plastic opening tool to pry up the side of the glass. Raise it to a point where your fingernail can fit in the gap. Do the same on the opposite side of the device until you have a good grip of the screen.

Repair Step 7: Obtain a careful grip of the screen from two of its sides. Slowly lift the screen off of the case. Separate it just enough so as not to damage the connection to the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Detach the orange tab that connects the screen to the motherboard with a gentle uplift using a plastic opening tool. Upon completing this step, the screen should be free from the rest of the device.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 3: Use the T5 Torx screwdriver to unscrew the four silver 2mm x 3mm T5 screws that hold the back cover in place.

Repair Step 4: Slide the opening pick between the rear case and the rest of the device to separate the two halves. Gently pull the two halves apart.

Teardown Step 1: We don't want to say we're killing time, but maybe you should look over these tech specs while we get the teardown table warmed up: 1.39 inch (35 mm) circular AMOLED display with 454 x 454 resolution 11.8 mm thickness at 32g Wireless charging Accelerometer, gyro, heart rate, barometer, compass, SpO2 (Blood Oxygen Testing) Water resistant to 5 ATM Bluetooth 5.0

Teardown Step 2: [link| gossiped a little|new_window=true] about last year's Chinese version of the Mi Watch, with its more-than-passing-resemblance to another watch made by that lifestyle company in Cupertino. With this new version, Xiaomi switched to an all-new, circular design. Side by side with its predecessor (left) and the Samsung Galaxy Watch (right)—we're not seeing major changes in terms of hardware components, but the new design direction is evident. This watch even grew another button, perhaps to keep up with Samsung. But putting the 42 mm version of the [link| Watch GT2|new_window=true] ''right'' alongside it, we notice an even stronger resemblance. Maybe there are only so many ways to shape something that straps to your wrist. Let's look inside.

Teardown Step 3: Even though it's water resistant up to 50 meters, this Mi Watch opens easily with a Torx T2 bit from our [link| Driver Kit|new_window=true] and a little bit of prying. It's nice to be reminded that "waterproof" does not have to mean "glued together." Our first look inside is also encouraging, as we spot some standard Phillips screws. It would've been even better if only one screwdriver was needed, but luckily we're well prepared. So far, the internal build of the Mi Watch reminds us of the [link| Watch GT|new_window=true].

Teardown Step 4: A little prying frees the battery easily. It’s great to see this common repair got prioritized, with a simple modular connector—no soldering required. The battery is a 1.62 Wh (420 mAh at 3.85 V) Li-ion block which charges wirelessly. Xiaomi [link|] that this little cell powers the watch for ''16 days straight'', or 50 hours during sports. Compare to: [link| Watch Series 6|new_window=true] (44 mm): 1.17 Wh, [link| Galaxy Watch 3|new_window=true]: 1.3 Wh, [link| Watch GT|new_window=true]: 1.6 Wh In addition to the battery, the bottom part of the watch case bears a cable assembly with a tiny vibration motor, the heart rate and SpO2 sensor array, a barometric sensor, and a MEMS microphone. Removing the cable assembly requires cutting through some plastic rivets—not a reversible or repair-friendly process. Afterward, your only reassembly option is to glue the cable down. Better hope nothing on there breaks. Hiding behind the sensor board and peeking through the metal shield is a Texas Instruments AFE44l30 Biosensor Analog Front End module.

Teardown Step 5: Just two Phillips screws secure the main board—twist them out, and the board floats free as if by magic in this zero-gravity photo that we totally didn't stage. For any ''actual'' zero-gravity repairs, we recommend a [link| project mat|new_window=true]. Can't have any loose screws drifting into the [link| kitchen|new_window=true]. After removing the mildly glued-in button cable, we find the following on the top side of the board: [link| Micro AMA3B MCU|new_window=true] Bosch Sensortec [link|] 3-axis accelerometer/gyroscope

Teardown Step 6: The bottom side features these chips: STMicro [link|] microcontroller based on an Arm® Cortex®-M4 Paragon [link|] 1 Gbit NAND flash memory AIROHA [link|] multi-GNSS chip featuring a MediaTek MT3333 SoC Geomagnetic sensor (likely) AKM Semiconductor [link|] electronic compass SGMicro SGM41562 Li-ion battery charger w/power path management

Teardown Step 7: It's been a pretty good experience so far, but here's the part we've been avoiding. Smartwatches that open through the back usually come with very difficult screen repairs, and the Mi Watch is no exception. To free up the display assembly, we had to use a heat gun at about 300 °C (572 °F) and a razor blade, causing the screen some damage. We also gave [link| cards|new_window=true] (our softest cutting tool) a try, only for the display layers to separate. And then the actual screen shattered in our hands. Last thing to come off are the two side buttons, held in place by tiny metal washers (rings) on the inside of the watch body. On the upside, you're probably more likely to see failure of the flex cable [link| earlier|new_window=true] with its integrated buttons, rather than their physical extensions on the outside.

Teardown Step 8: ''Time heals all wounds'', but probably not our little Mi Watch—that's going to take some effort. This little wrist-flatterer's moment of teardown fame is nearly finished. As always, the final step is to compute the repairability score. For that, there's no time like the present.

Teardown Step 9: The Xiaomi Mi Watch 2021 earns a '''5 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): The opening procedure is simple and glueless. Connectors are modular and don't overly overlap. The battery is easily accessible for repairs. Opening requires a somewhat uncommon T2 Torx driver, but Phillips screws grace the inside. Many components are grouped together and can’t be replaced individually. Display removal seems impractical and repairs will probably require replacing the watch casing.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, turn off your watch and take it off the charger. Remove the watch band by pressing the band release button and sliding the band over the button while pulling it away from the watch. Repeat for the other watch band.

Repair Step 2: [link| an iOpener] and apply it to the screen for about two minutes to soften the adhesive securing the screen. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 3: The thin seam between the frame and screen requires a thin metal tool—take your time and work carefully to avoid scraping or gouging the watch body or glass. Insert an [link|] into the thin gap between the screen and frame, left of the digital crown.

Repair Step 4: When slicing the screen adhesive, insert the iFlex no deeper than 3 mm to prevent damaging internal components. Slide the iFlex around the entire perimeter of the watch to slice all of the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 5: Remove the iFlex and reinsert it under the screen, to the right of the speaker grille. Twist the iFlex to pry the screen up. Don't try to fully remove the screen just yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 6: Be careful not to strain the screen assembly cable when you open the display. Swing the screen open to an upright position. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 7: Throughout this repair, [product|IF145-491|keep track of each screw|new_window=true] and make sure it goes back exactly where it came from. Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the 2.1 mm-long screw securing the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 8: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with sharp tools—it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 9: Use the point of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the vibration motor‘s press connector. To re-attach [guide|25629|press connectors|stepid=70308|new_window=true] like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down in the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend and cause permanent damage.

Repair Step 10: Be careful with sharp tools around the battery. Use tweezers to peel up the yellow tape securing the vibration motor cable to the battery.

Repair Step 11: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two screws securing the vibration motor: One 1.8 mm-long screw One 2.8 mm-long screw

Repair Step 12: Use tweezers to lift the grounding bracket out of its recess and remove it.

Repair Step 13: Remove the vibration motor.

Repair Step 14: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two 3 mm-long screws securing the battery bracket.

Repair Step 15: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift the grounding bracket out of its recess and remove it.

Repair Step 16: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with sharp tools—it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Use tweezers to peel up the yellow tape from the edge of the battery, next to the speaker.

Repair Step 17: Slide the flat end of a spudger under the edge of the battery where the vibration motor was. Pry up the battery until you can grip it with your fingers. The battery is held in place by mild adhesive. If you're struggling to pry up the battery, apply a [link| iOpener] to the bottom of the watch for about 2 minutes to loosen the adhesive. Don't apply the iOpener directly to the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 18: Avoid straining or tearing the battery cable when moving the battery. Carefully place the battery next to the watch to access the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 19: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two 1.5 mm-long screws securing the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 20: Use tweezers to remove the battery connector bracket.

Repair Step 21: Use the point of a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 22: Remove the battery. Never reuse a deformed or damaged battery—it's a fire hazard. Replace it with a new battery.

Repair Step 1: This is a pretty standard electronic glue removal task. You can find much better guides of how to do this on this site, Youtube, etc. if you have never done it before. Use a razorblade or prying tool to cut through the glue on the long edges of the fitbit. As long as you see white stuff coming out, keep cutting as there was quite a bit of glue. I did not heat the glue but it may have helped as I have done that in the past. Once the glue was mostly gone, I used a sharp flathead screwdriver to do the initial prying and then a pick to pull it apart completely. I chewed the plastic a little with the metal screwdriver but its not that bad. I initially thought the accelerometer was the battery (again, not a professional) so I peeled off a little black insulator disc that was stuck to it. Don't do this. I don't think it is a big deal but I will have to glue it back. The thing with the red rectangle is the battery we need to replace.

Repair Step 2: I learned that the Panasonic CG-320A (3.8V, 15mAh) battery comes standard with factory spot welded little metal flaps on each end when I tried to pry the battery off of them. They wont come off, so you're going to have to de-solder the whole assembly from the board. And for the love of god do not put the soldering iron directly to the battery. Make sure your battery is discharged before this step. You're probably here because it doesn't hold a charge anyway but doesn't hurt to make sure. I turned the board over and applied heat to the 2 little poke-through pins on the opposite side of the battery to get them off. Its not pictured here because I only have 2 hands but I used my tweezers to give ''gentle'' lifting pressure between the board and battery. Either my soldering iron just sucks or this solder needed to be really hot to come off. I had to crank my iron to the highest setting (800F, 430C) and hold it for a while before it would come loose.

Repair Step 3: That's as far as I have gotten for now as I couldn't order a battery before I opened it up. If the info was out there already about what kind of battery this is, I couldn't find it. There were not many good options for ordering this battery and the best one that I decided on is an Ebayer in the UK. I live the US and one of his feedbacks said it only took a week to get here but who knows. The final price for me after shipping was $26.20 USD (19.25 GBP). Hopefully I'm not throwing good money after bad here but we'll see I guess.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 4: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 6: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 7: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 8: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 9: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 10: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 11: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 13: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 14: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 15: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 16: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, turn off your watch and take it off the charger. Remove the watch band by pressing the band release button and sliding the band over the button while pulling it away from the watch. Repeat for the other watch band.

Repair Step 2: [link| an iOpener] and apply it to the screen for about two minutes to soften the adhesive securing the screen. A [link| dryer], , or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the watch—the screen and internal battery are both susceptible to heat damage.

Repair Step 3: The thin seam between the frame and screen requires a thin metal tool—take your time and work carefully to avoid scraping or gouging the watch body or glass. Insert an [link|] into the thin gap between the screen and frame, left of the digital crown.

Repair Step 4: When slicing the screen adhesive, insert the iFlex no deeper than 3 mm to prevent damaging internal components. Slide the iFlex around the entire perimeter of the watch to slice all of the screen adhesive.

Repair Step 5: Remove the iFlex and reinsert it under the screen, to the right of the speaker grille. Twist the iFlex to pry the screen up. Don't try to fully remove the screen just yet, as it‘s still connected to the watch assembly by a delicate cable.

Repair Step 6: Be careful not to strain the screen assembly cable when you open the display. Swing the screen open to an upright position. During reassembly, this is a good point to power on your device and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working.

Repair Step 7: Throughout this repair, [product|IF145-491|keep track of each screw|new_window=true] and make sure it goes back exactly where it came from. Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the 2.1 mm-long screw securing the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 8: Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with sharp tools—it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the speaker bracket.

Repair Step 9: Use the point of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the vibration motor‘s press connector. To re-attach [guide|25629|press connectors|stepid=70308|new_window=true] like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down in the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend and cause permanent damage.

Repair Step 10: Be careful with sharp tools around the battery. Use tweezers to peel up the yellow tape securing the vibration motor cable to the battery.

Repair Step 11: Use a Torx T2 screwdriver to remove the two screws securing the vibration motor: One 1.8 mm-long screw One 2.8 mm-long screw

Repair Step 12: Use tweezers to lift the grounding bracket out of its recess and remove it.

Repair Step 13: Remove the vibration motor.

Repair Step 1: Samsung [link|] Exynos W1000 applications processor layered under Samsung KMZZ60020M-A218 32 GB NAND flash & 2 GB LPDDR5 SDRAM memory Zinitix ZTM730 touchscreen controller Cirrus Logic CS40L27R haptic driver Likely Texas Instruments audio amplifier ConvenientPower CPS4019A wireless charging receiver Texas Instruments [link|] single port eUSB2 to USB 2.0 repeater Goertek MEMS microphone

Repair Step 2: Samsung RF transceiver Qualcomm QFM6515 front-end module Likely Qualcomm power amplifier module Likely Samsung Bluetooth & WiFi controller Airoha [link|] GNSS receiver NXP Semiconductors NFC controller Infineon [link|] band L2/L5 GNSS low noise amplifier

Repair Step 3: Infineon [link|] GNSS low noise amplifier Infineon [link|] antenna tuner

Repair Step 4: STMicroelectronics accelerometer & gyroscope AKM Semiconductor AK0991xC 3-axis electronic compass

Repair Step 5: Likely antenna tuning switch

Repair Step 6: Texas Instruments [link|] biosensing analog front-end

Repair Step 1: Grab your Garmin watch and flip it over to get a good view of the four screws that connect the straps to the housing.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove the four .8mm screws. Once the screws are removed the watch straps should fall out of the housing.

Repair Step 3: Use a Torx T9 screwdriver to remove these four .8mm screws and seperate the housing.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger tool to disengage the power ribbon from the main board. Once the ribbon is disconnected you can separate the bottom piece of the housing that holds the battery.

Repair Step 5: Use the spudger tool again and wedge it in between the battery and the housing, pry until the battery starts to separate from the adhesive holding it in place. Once you have the battery disconnected you are ready to replace it. Despite the fact that the metal spudger is shown being used in this step, make sure to use a plastic opening tool or nylon spudger to pry up the battery. The metal spudger has a much larger chance of puncturing the battery, and thus should not be used.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to pry open the power ribbon from the main board.

Repair Step 7: Use your Torx T9 screwdriver to remove the one .8mm screw that holds the main board to the watch housing.

Repair Step 8: Use the spudger to pry the motherboard out of the housing.

Repair Step 9: Once removed simply separate the digitizer from the main board.

Repair Step 10: Lastly use your spudger tool to pry the data ribbon open from the motherboard. Once the ribbon is removed the board will be free and you can replace the board.

Repair Step 11: The display is also ready to be replaced.

Repair Step 12: Use a spudger tool to pry the soundboard out of its housing.

Repair Step 13: Remove the gasket seal from the housing.

Repair Step 14: Once all your components are removed the housing with buttons is ready to be repaired/ replaced.

Repair Step 1: Place your thumbs on the ends of the screen. Push the watch outward while pulling the band away from the watch.

Repair Step 2: Heating the device with a hair dryer may warp the screen or damage the device. It it preferable to use an iOpener for this step. For step-by-step instructions on using an iOpener, see the [guide|11677]. Use a hair dryer, heat gun, or an iOpener to heat the Gear Fit for 1-2 minutes until it is hot to the touch.

Repair Step 3: The screen is connected to the device by a ribbon cable on the left side with the power button facing you. Do not try to completely separate the screen from the device yet, and be careful. Gently pry the screen loose using a plastic opening tool. If the screen doesn't easily come loose, more heating may be required

Repair Step 4: Using [product|IF145-020|tweezers] as a lever, pry the inner assembly out of the external casing. This will be harder than removing the screen. Moderate force may be required.

Repair Step 5: Disconnect the ribbon cables connecting the screen to the motherboard by lifting their metal connectors up off of the board with tweezers.

Repair Step 6: Gently peel the screen assembly up and away from the device using tweezers.

Repair Step 1: Place the watch screen-down so that its back cover is showing.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 4.2mm screws with a Y00 screwdriver.

Repair Step 3: This step will ruin the water-proof seal. Wedge the metal spudger in between the back cover and the frame along the seam. Use force to pry the back cover away from the main watch frame. This step requires a lot of force. You can use a Jimmy in place of a metal spudger to make the process easier.

Repair Step 4: Detach the three connectors on the motherboard using your fingernail. The connectors are easy to pop off. Minimal force is necessary.

Repair Step 5: Separate the motherboard and front screen assembly using a spudger.

Repair Step 6: Using a JIS #00 screwdriver, remove the two 4.5 mm screws.

Repair Step 7: Disconnect the battery ribbon cable from bracket. Be careful with the battery ribbon cable and motherboard cable (located on the side opposite the battery cable, highlighted with the orange box), as they are very easy to break (ours did when disassembling). Note how the end of the ribbon cable seats in the plastic chassis. Look for the plastic pin on the chassis when re-seating during re-assembly. Separate the chassis from the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Separate the battery from the motherboard. The battery and the motherboard are secured with adhesive; some force is needed. Lithium-ion batteries are potentially dangerous. Handle with extreme care and do not puncture the battery.

Repair Step 9: When reassembling, place the battery into the plastic assembly first. Don’t stick it to the adhesive first. This way, it’s easy to position the battery cable. When securing the battery cable, make sure the hole that the peg goes through is round. The hole on your replacement battery’s cable could be malformed. You may want to widen the hole before securing the cable. To widen the hole, use the Pro Tech Toolkit’s SIM tool, a small paperclip or similar fine-tipped tool. The tool can also be used to gently press the battery cable into the correct position. Do this carefully to avoid damage. Follow steps 8-1 in reverse order to reassmble.

Repair Step 10: Remove the battery's cable from the chassis using [product|IF145-020|tweezers].

Repair Step 11: Remove the single 3.9mm screw with a JIS #000 screwdriver.

Repair Step 12: Separate the two parts of the chassis. The speaker is located on the bulkier half of the chassis (see third image).

Repair Step 13: Remove the connection from the chassis with [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. Attempting to remove the connection by grabbing the speaker itself may result in damage to the speaker and it's connection. Separate the speaker from the chassis.

Repair Step 1: Use a Y000 driver to remove the tri-point screw securing the metal cover plate. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the cover plate. First open the plate all the way to unhinge the two flaps. Then close it halfway to remove it completely by lifting it out.

Repair Step 2: On the GPS-only version it is possible to disconnect the battery immediately. For the cellular/LTE version, you need to disconnect the Force Touch gasket and fold it out of the way first, in order to disconnect the battery. Disconnect the battery by prying its connector straight up. Bend the connector up slightly to make sure it does not make contact by accident.

Repair Step 1: Remove the four Tri-point #00 screws (4.2 mm length) on the backside of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Use an opening tool to get between the back cover and the metal housing of the watch. Carefully pry the plastic back cover open. Don't remove the back cover yet. There is a flex cable running to the core assembly inside.

Repair Step 3: Lay down the watch and lift the back cover to access the sensor connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. When closing the watch make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged or replace it with a new one.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Lift the core unit out of the housing. The core's plastic frame sits tight inside the housing. Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap of the core's plastic frame.

Repair Step 8: If necessary apply some tape over the display to avoid any injury from glass shards.

Repair Step 9: Use your finger or thumb to steadily push down on the display to loosen the adhesive. Heating the display with a hair dryer or iOpener helps softening the adhesive. Remove the display.

Repair Step 1: Hold the the metal screwdriver, with a T5 Torx bit, in your dominant hand. Hold the rubber screwdriver, with a Hex T6 Torx bit, in your other hand. While holding the rubber screwdriver in place, simultaneously unscrew the pin (counterclockwise) with the metal screwdriver in your dominant hand.

Repair Step 2: Once the 1mm screw is removed, reinsert the metal screwdriver in that same hole. Gently push the strap's pin out. It will begin to protrude from the other end. Use your fingers to grab the exposed pin and slide it free. The strap should now be disconnected from the device.

Repair Step 3: Place a heated iOpener over the display to loosen the adhesive. After about a minute, the iOpener may be removed. For more in depth instructions on using the iOpener, refer to the .

Repair Step 4: Place the blue plastic opening tool in-between the screen and plastic casing of the watch and slowly pry up one side of the screen.

Repair Step 5: Once the first side has come free, wedge the blue pick in between the screen and watch unit on that side. Complete one pass around the perimeter of the screen to break the adhesive bond on all four sides. Insert it a minimal distance to avoid damaging internal components.

Repair Step 6: Use the blue plastic opening tool to pry up the side of the glass. Raise it to a point where your fingernail can fit in the gap. Do the same on the opposite side of the device until you have a good grip of the screen.

Repair Step 7: Obtain a careful grip of the screen from two of its sides. Slowly lift the screen off of the case. Separate it just enough so as not to damage the connection to the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Detach the orange tab that connects the screen to the motherboard with a gentle uplift using a plastic opening tool. Upon completing this step, the screen should be free from the rest of the device.

Repair Step 9: Follow previous guides until you've exposed the battery as shown. Begin by removing the battery connector tab. Be sure not to use a metal implement or your fingers to remove this tab. Doing so may cause personal harm or damage to the electrical components.

Repair Step 10: Use a plastic opening pick to gently pry out the battery as shown. The battery is Lithium Polymer, follow safe handling procedures and DO NOT deform it upon removal.

Repair Step 11: With the battery loose from the case, rotate it to expose the attached tab Gently pry up the attached tab with a fingernail. Keep the vibrator, circled in red, as you may need to solder it to the new battery upon re-installation later.

Repair Step 12: Remove the four 2.4 mm screws with a PH00 Phillips head screwdriver. Make an effort not to damage any nearby components of the motherboard with the screwdriver.

Repair Step 13: Use the spudger to pry up the board from the case. Insert the spudger a minimum distance beneath the board as there are components below. Wiggle the exposed side of the board from each end until it comes free. Use proper safety when removing and handling the board.

Repair Step 14: Remove the GPS antenna by sliding it away from the board. Keep track of the antenna and add it to the new board upon replacement.

Repair Step 1: Use a T6 screwdriver to remove the five 1.7 mm screws from the watch face.

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the face off the watch base. Do not yank the face. A ribbon connector connects the face and the motherboard, and yanking could result in damage to the motherboard or ribbon.

Repair Step 3: Use a spudger to lift up and free the screen ribbon cable's press-fit connector from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Set the watch face aside.

Repair Step 5: Locate the antenna, which is located on the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the antenna, and set it aside.

Repair Step 7: Locate the two silver 1.4 mm T5 screws, and carefully unscrew them. To avoid losing or dropping the screws once they are loose, use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to extract them.

Repair Step 8: Lift the watch and turn it over one hand. The motherboard should fall out easily. When reinserting your motherboard, slide it in instead of pressing it. The motherboard must go beneath a lip at the base of the watch body.

Repair Step 9: Using the spudger, separate the motherboard from the battery, which are both held together with a mild adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Motherboard without metal cover

Repair Step 1: On the strap there is a knob. Sliding this knob towards the opposite side of the strap releases the tension on the spring bar, allowing you to pull the strap out..

Repair Step 2: Use the T5 Torx driver to remove the four screws on the case. Use the magnetic pad to keep all your parts easily contained! The case will pry easily off with just gentle hand pressure

Repair Step 3: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], gently remove the fabric protecting the battery connection. Take care when removing the fabric. Too much force may damage the contact with the metal tweezers. Use the heavy duty spudger to gently push the contact towards the top of the case.

Repair Step 4: Gently pry the battery up with the plastic pry tools

Repair Step 5: With the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] gently remove the fabric covering the connection on bottom right Using the heavy duty plastic spudger pry up on the connection ribbon. There are two connection ports on the single ribbon. Do not use too much force as you may tear ribbon!

Repair Step 6: The protective plate is now ready to be safely removed. With the [product|IF145-013|heavy duty spudger] pry up on the metal plate, in a counter-clockwise pattern There are tiny notches on plate making it simple to pull up on each side. A small strip of adhesive is on back of plate as well. Remove loosened plate and set aside.

Repair Step 7: With the 000 Philips screwdriver remove the screw and plastic retainer clips

Repair Step 8: With heavy duty spudger lift up on final connection ribbon located on left corner.

Repair Step 9: With all the connections disconnected the motherboard can be gently pried up and out of the watch case.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Use a Tri-point Y00 driver to unfasten the four screws on the back of the watch. Don’t worry about removing the screws, they will stay in place in the back cover.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a wider gap. Don't fully remove the back cover just yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 3: Lay the watch face down. Carefully lift the back cover up from the edge with the buttons to access the sensor connector. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket (marked red) is undamaged. If damaged replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 5: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 6: The core's plastic frame fits tightly within the watch's metal housing. Place the corner of the flat end of a spudger in the small opening of the barometric sensor, on the opposite side of the display connector. Twist and tilt the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing.

Repair Step 7: Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap on the core's plastic frame. Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 8: If your display is cracked, keep glass shards contained by applying a strip of tape over the glass." Use your finger to steadily push the display down through the watch's metal housing to loosen the adhesive. Lightly heating the display with a hair dryer or can help soften the adhesive. Remove the display.

Repair Step 1: Locate corroded contacts on the back side of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Wipe both contacts with force using an isopropyl alcohol wipe.

Repair Step 3: Use a rough brush to scrape the contacts clean.

Repair Step 1: Wedge a plastic opening tool between band contacts.

Repair Step 2: Push in plastic opening tool until the components click and pop out of the holder. Repeat steps for other band.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 1: Remove the four Tri-point #00 screws (4.2 mm length) on the backside of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Use an opening tool to get between the back cover and the metal housing of the watch. Carefully pry the plastic back cover open. Don't remove the back cover yet. There is a flex cable running to the core assembly inside.

Repair Step 3: Lay down the watch and lift the back cover to access the sensor connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. When closing the watch make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged or replace it with a new one.

Repair Step 1: Remove the wristband by sliding the metal pins located on both sides of the wrist band, and pulling the wristband off.

Repair Step 2: Use a T5 Torx Screwdriver to remove the 4 (0.4 mm) screws located on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Slide the opening tool in between the two halves of the case and slide along the edge of the watch while gently prying the back cover away from the face of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the battery ribbon cable off of the back cover. Avoid damaging the gold terminals on the ribbon cable. When reassembling, make sure that the yellow strip snaps back on to the black pin. The pin is located, and marked on the picture. Pull up on the tab that says, “Pull”, the battery will lift straight out.

Repair Step 5: Using the plastic opening tool, pull up on the flex connector. It will come off the motherboard, but will stay attached to the cover like a hinge.

Repair Step 6: It is recommended to use antistatic wrist wrap whenever removing the motherboard. Place the plastic opening tool underneath the motherboard at this location. Gently pry the motherboard away from the front cover. It should pop off and be free from the cover. Attached to the motherboard is the infrared LED Light. To replace the IR LED, you may need to replace the entire motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Using fine [product|IF145-020|tweezers], pull the home button ribbon cable up and away from the front cover. Like with the battery's ribbon cable, there is a pin that holds the pad in place. It is in the area marked. However, the models' pin had be broken.

Repair Step 8: Using the plastic opening tool, pry the home button away from the front cover. The whole home button mechanism should lift right out.

Repair Step 1: First, lift the bottom part of the band to start removing the wristband from the button area of the watch.

Repair Step 2: Continue to lift up on the band until the screen of the watch becomes loose from the band. You may need to apply a small amount of force downward on the face of the screen. Continue to pull up on the wristband until it is completely off the watch.

Repair Step 3: Grab the watch once it is separated from the wristband.

Repair Step 4: Flip over the watch and remove the four 3.0 mm Torx head screws with a T4 Torx head screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Remove the two 3.0 mm Torx screws from the front. Use a T4 Torx screwdriver to remove the screws. The two 3.0 mm Torx screws are painted blue at the end. These screws have screw holders around them that will also need to be removed. Unscrew the screws from the front of the watch casing and the screw holders fall out from the back of the watch casing.

Repair Step 6: Gently pull the back panel away from the front panel. Do not to pull too fast or too hard. There are red and black wires connected to the vibrator component that should not be ripped.

Repair Step 7: Gently wiggle the black box vibrator component away from the back panel with your fingers or a Spudger tool. Be gentle with the red and black wires. You do not want them to rip or pop out. The vibrator component is the small black box with the silver metal part at end. The black box is glued down, so it will take a little force to free it and it will be sticky.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and you can't power off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive softens.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, most distant to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly.

Repair Step 5: Insert an opening pick in the gap your created. Slide the opening pick along the short edge of the watch to cut the adhesive.

Repair Step 6: Slide the opening pick around the corner and along the long edge on the opposite side of the watch crown to cut the display adhesive.

Repair Step 7: Slide the opening pick around the corner to cut the remaining adhesive on the short edge of the watch next to the watch crown.

Repair Step 8: Place the watch on a flat surface and use an opening pick to slice through any remaining adhesive. Try not to slice near the watch crown to prevent damaging the display cables. If you must slice near the crown, don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm). Slide an opening pick under the opposite display edge of the watch crown. Twist the opening pick to loosen the display off the watch case. Don't try to remove the display. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 9: Be careful not to strain the display cables when you fold the display to the side. Lift the display and carefully pull it towards the watch crown. Swing the display open to an upward position.

Repair Step 1: Remove the strap Power-off the device Remove the screws on the front using the Torx T4 screwdriver

Repair Step 2: Remove the screws on the rear using the Torx T6 (or TR6) screwdriver

Repair Step 3: Remove the small grey arc on the top of the device with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers]

Repair Step 4: With the tweezers, remove the pin connector linked to the screen Remove the screen

Repair Step 5: Remove the 2 screws on the motherboard using the PH #000 screwdriver

Repair Step 6: Remove the 2 screws holding the sensor between the buttons on the right side of the case With the tweezers, remove the sensor and detach the case from the motherboard

Repair Step 7: Remove the seal around the circumference of the watch casing, as you will be handling the casing a lot and you don’t want to risk tearing the gasket. Using the tweezers, remove the circlips around every button very carefully. When the circlips are removed, you can pull the buttons off. Do this step carefully because you will also find a return spring inside every button hole

Repair Step 8: Clean the case, including the hole of the buttons Clean the buttons and the springs (OPTIONAL) You can lubrificate the buttons before re-inserting them in the case Reassemble the watch

Repair Step 1: Before starting this repair, remove your watch from the charger and ***let its battery drain completely***—the watch should shut down from low battery. A charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Letting the battery drain completely also prevents accidentally turning your watch back on when gripping it during repair.

Repair Step 2: Throughout the rest of your repair: Attach and remove the watch bands as needed to get a better grip or stabilize your watch. To remove a band, firmly press in the small, oval button on the underside of the watch and slide the band out of its groove. Consider placing your watch on something soft like a clean cloth to help stabilize it and prevent damage.

Repair Step 3: If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your watch. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. Alternatively, [link| a coin to a pick|new_window=true] 3 mm from the tip.

Repair Step 4: Strong adhesive secures the perimeter of the screen to the frame. Heating the screen softens the adhesive, making it easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen for two minutes to soften its adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 5: The gap between the screen and frame is extremely small. You'll need a thin tool such as an [product|IF145-336|iFlex|new_window=true] to create an initial gap. Don't grip the iFlex or similar metal tools by the edges—they're very sharp. Consider wearing [product|IF145-481|gloves|new_window=true] to protect your hands. Insert the iFlex at a downward angle between the bottom edge of the screen and frame.

Repair Step 6: Prying up the screen may take multiple attempts. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. With one hand, push down firmly on the watch's frame to secure it in place. With your free hand, hold the iFlex and push the edges up to make it more rigid. The iFlex should be slightly "***U***" shaped. Pry up the screen enough for the iFlex to lay flat on its own. The iFlex doesn't need to be inserted far, as it can easily damage the [link| cables near the bottom right corner of the watch|new_window=true]. Leave the iFlex inserted under the screen.

Repair Step 7: ***Do not insert your opening pick more than 3 mm under the screen*** when separating the adhesive, as you risk damaging your watches internals. Keep the iFlex flat to maintain a gap between the screen and frame while inserting an opening pick. Insert an opening pick between the screen and iFlex. Remove the iFlex.

Repair Step 8: Slide the opening pick along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive securing it.

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick around the bottom left corner and up the left edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 10: Slide the opening pick around the top left corner and along the top edge to separate the adhesive.

Repair Step 11: Slide the opening pick around the top right corner and ***stop at the top of the side button***. Don't slide your pick past the side button—you risk damage to the [link| cables|new_window=true].

Repair Step 12: Insert the long edge of an opening pick between the left edge of the screen and frame. Twist the pick to lift the screen and separate any remaining adhesive.

Repair Step 13: Pull the right edge of the screen over the digital crown. If the screen feels stuck, go back around it with an opening pick to separate any adhesive. Swing up the left edge of the screen so it's upright. The screen should be to the right of the digital crown. During reassembly: This is a good point to plug in your watch and test all functions before sealing it up. Be sure to power it back down completely before you continue working. Follow [guide|157344|this guide|new_window=true] to apply new screen adhesive and reseal your watch.

Repair Step 14: Flip your watch so the screen is on your workspace and the frame is upright. Keep the screen secured and the frame supported upright for the remaining steps.

Repair Step 15: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel up the tape covering the two screen cable ZIF connectors.

Repair Step 16: Use the tip of an opening pick to pry up the small, hinged locking flaps on both screen cable [guide|25629|ZIF connectors|stepid=64969|new_window=true].

Repair Step 17: Strong adhesive secures the screen cables. Heating the cables softens the adhesive, making them easier to separate. [guide|25705|Heat an iOpener|new_window=true] and lay it on the screen cables for two minutes to soften the adhesive. Alternatively, you can use a [guide|157348|hair dryer|new_window=true] or [guide|151116|heat gun|new_window=true]—but be careful as extreme heat can damage the screen and/or battery.

Repair Step 18: Slide an opening pick under the lower screen cable to begin separating it from the screen. If you're having trouble, apply more heat and try again. Don't use excessive force.

Repair Step 19: Continue sliding the opening pick under the cables until they completely separate from the screen. You can gently [link| the cables up with your fingers|new_window=true] when you're able to grab them.

Repair Step 20: Use tweezers to grip ''both'' cables and pull them out of their sockets at the same time.

Repair Step 21: Remove the screen.

Teardown Step 1: Fitbit Charge 5 device

Teardown Step 2: Heat the back with a heat gun at 130C to loosen the adhesive. Pry the side opposite the connector area from the strap latch Pry the top and bottom near the connector. There are small plastic pins.

Teardown Step 3: TI 14WP6JP AFE4500 - Texas Instruments Ultra-Small, Integrated AFE for Bio-Impedance Analysis, Electrical Biosensing and Optical Bio-sensing TI13AD5R8 BQ25156 - Texas Instruments BQ25 series 1S battery charger 121 2624 C72S - Unknown

Teardown Step 4: Pry from the sides of the battery to lift out. There is some adhesive/foam between the battery and case You will have to cut the flex cables to the capacitive touch buttons on either side

Teardown Step 5: Peel the battery off and unplug

Teardown Step 6: 271617 unbranded battery. Marked as 65mAh Mine tested at 24mAh, after a few years of use

Teardown Step 7: 761EJ1U1 - Mitsumi MC3761 series protection IC with integrated MOS-FET for protection of the rechargeable Lithium-ion or Lithium-polymer battery A temp sensor somewhere

Teardown Step 8: The can pops off easily with a razor blade starting at the corners Hi Morgan 👋

Teardown Step 9: 2M AMA4B 212501 HADD - Ambiq Micro, Inc. Apollo4 Blue Lite SoC QUAM V14 - Looks like a custom branded Fitbit chip 12110 U25A - Unknown NXP 100TB2 VC95122 037-080 - Unknown Is this the GPS receiver? (if not, where is it?)

Teardown Step 10: Heat the screen to 130C Push it out from inside As the screen pushes out slightly, it should reveal 3x PH000 screws to undo (I ended up just cutting the metal tabs)

Teardown Step 11: The bluetooth antenna is a spiral around the edge of the flex PCB

Teardown Step 12: Raydium AMOLED controller

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch on its back to reveal the watch band connection pins.

Repair Step 2: Wedge your fingernail or the tip of a spudger underneath the watch band's small metal pin. Push on the pin to release the strap from it's hinge. Pull the strap away from the watch to disconnect it. The strap will not pull away if the pin isn't fully pushed in.

Repair Step 3: With both straps removed, a new replacement watch band may be inserted.

Repair Step 1: Apply a little bit of isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip or use a to gently remove the adhesive leftovers on top of the force touch gasket. To remove the adhesive on the side where the display cables are running, fold down the display and carefully pull it away from the frame so there's enough space.

Repair Step 2: Flip the Apple Watch upside down so the display lays flat while lifting up the case. Remove the leftovers on the back of the display.

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove replacement adhesive with the blue protective film from the backing paper.

Repair Step 4: Hold the replacement adhesive diagonally to thread it over the display. Slightly tilt the display forward so you can align the adhesive with the frame. Position the replacement adhesive on top of the force touch gasket and use the pointed end of a spudger to move and press it into place.

Repair Step 6: Align the screen and press it down firmly onto the adhesive. To improve bonding of the adhesive you can use an iOpener to warm up the display. Then apply some pressure for a few hours (placing it under one or two heavy books overnight might be a way). Alternatively, you can use [link| vice clamps] around the perimeter of your device to set the new adhesive.

Repair Step 1: Take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to loosen the gasket and create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch screen-side down. Carefully swing open the back cover at the gap you just created. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard by prying the [link| connector] straight up from its socket. During reassembly, this is a good point to turn on your device and test your repair before resealing it.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. During reassembly: Make sure the rubber gasket (marked in red) is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one to maintain water resistance.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the button flex cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the single 4.4 mm–long screw securing the motherboard.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or your fingers to lift the motherboard out from the watch, clearing the two flex cables.

Repair Step 10: Place one corner of the flat end of a spudger [link| the core assembly and the buttons side of the frame]. Twist the spudger to lever the core assembly out of the metal housing. Once the gap is big enough, place the spudger underneath the core assembly and lift it up.

Repair Step 11: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or your fingers to remove the core assembly. Don't accidentally poke or slice the battery with any sharp tools. A punctured battery may leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire. Only the screen assembly remains.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Torx T3 screwdriver to remove the four 4.1 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Apply a [link| iOpener] to the rear side of the watch for 5 minutes to loosen the adhesive underneath. A hair dryer, [link| gun], or hot plate may also be used, but be careful not to overheat the device.

Repair Step 4: Insert the flat end of a spudger into the microphone opening at the top edge of the back cover. Pry upwards to loosen the back cover assembly. This may require some force. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the daughterboard. Swing the back cover assembly open by 45 degrees to gain access to the sensor assembly cable.

Repair Step 5: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor assembly cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket. To re-attach like this one, carefully align and press down on one side until it clicks into place, then repeat on the other side. Do not press down on the middle. If the connector is misaligned, the pins can bend, causing permanent damage.

Repair Step 6: Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 7: Use a spudger to disconnect the microphone cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 8: Use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the three 4.1 mm-long screws securing the core assembly.

Repair Step 9: Insert the point of a spudger between the right edge of the core assembly and the watch frame. Pry upwards to loosen the core assembly. Don't try to remove the core assembly all the way yet. It's still connected to the screen.

Repair Step 10: Carefully swing open the core assembly like the front cover of a book. Avoid straining or tearing the display cables at the bottom of the core assembly.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to disconnect the screen and the digitizer cables by prying the connectors straight up from their sockets.

Repair Step 12: Remove the core assembly.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to disconnect the interconnect cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the daughterboard.

Repair Step 15: The battery is held in place by mild adhesive. Insert the flat end of a spudger between the bottom edge of the battery and the midframe. Take care not to puncture or bend the battery with your tool—a punctured or bent battery may leak dangerous chemicals or cause a fire. Pry upwards to loosen the battery. If you're struggling to pry up the battery, place [link| heated iOpener] onto the motherboard to loosen the adhesive underneath. Don't apply the iOpener directly onto the battery. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It's still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 16: Carefully fold the battery over to gain access to the battery cable connector. Avoid straining or tearing the battery cable.

Repair Step 17: Use a spudger to disconnect the battery cable by prying the connector straight up from its socket.

Repair Step 18: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. [guide|113604|Secure the new battery with pre-cut adhesive|new_window=true] or double-sided adhesive tape. In order to position it correctly, apply the new adhesive into the device at the places where the old adhesive was located, not directly onto the battery. Press the new battery firmly into place.

Repair Step 1: For the replacement I used: new battery, boiling water, knife, suction cup, plastic wedge, screw driver, double sided tape, t-7000 glue 1. remove the wrist band 2. boil 1L water

Repair Step 2: If you use water, let the boiling water rest for 60 sec then pour the water over the display Make sure to dry the watch before removing the display! Although hot water was used in this guide, you can always use an [link|] as an alternative To remove the display, a knife was used to separate the display, along with a suction cup

Repair Step 3: Remove the two connected FPCs The FPC's are different connectors, and have been color coded for easy reassembly Make sure to clean off any glue or glue residue left behind. Remove the 3 screws, then lift the PCB

Repair Step 4: If needed, remove the red marked FPC to increase assembly space Remove the old battery Next, add double sided tape to the new battery. Make sure to connect and place the new battery inside the watch Make sure to use a good electronic adhesive (t-7000) to seal the display again

Repair Step 1: Before starting, take your Fitbit Ionic off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: and apply it on the display for at least two minutes to soften the adhesive underneath. The adhesive of the Fitbit Ionic is very strong. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 3: Insert a technician's razor with a flat blade into the small gap between the watch case and the display. Cut through the adhesive on the upper side of the Fitbit Ionic.

Repair Step 4: Use a technician's razor with a flat blade to pry up the top edge of the display and create a small gap.

Repair Step 5: Insert two opening picks underneath the top left and the top right corner. Leave the opening picks in place to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Remove the razor blade.

Repair Step 6: Insert a third opening pick underneath the top right corner and slide it along the right edge of the display. Leave the opening pick in the bottom right corner to prevent the adhesive from resealing. If cutting becomes too difficult, and reapply the iOpener.

Repair Step 7: Insert a fourth opening pick underneath the top left corner and slide it along the left edge of the display. Leave the opening pick in bottom left corner to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Do not remove the display assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the display assembly in the direction of the bottom edge.

Repair Step 9: Use the flat end of a spudger to loosen and pry up the mildly glued NFC antenna. Carefully fold the NFC antenna in the direction of the upper edge of the watch.

Repair Step 10: Carefully fold the display assembly onto the upper side of the watch. Take care not to pull or bend the cables too much—they are still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Torx T2 screw (3.65 mm length) on the bottom left corner.

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the metal shield covering the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 13: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Fold the display assembly back to its original position.

Repair Step 15: Remove the two Torx T2 screws (3.65 mm length) from the top edge of the watch.

Repair Step 16: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal cover.

Repair Step 17: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the NFC antenna. Remove the NFC antenna.

Repair Step 18: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the two display cables from the motherboard.

Repair Step 19: Remove the display assembly. If possible, turn on your Fitbit Ionic and test your repair before installing new adhesive and resealing.

Repair Step 20: Remove the Torx T2 screw (3.65 mm length).

Repair Step 21: Use a spudger to pry up and disconnect the heart rate sensor from the motherboard.

Repair Step 22: Insert a spudger into the gap between the watchcase and the upper edge of the motherboard. Use the spudger to pry up the motherboard. Avoid damaging the battery and heart rate sensor cables during the motherboard removal procedure. Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 23: Remove the four Torx T2 screws (1.8 mm length).

Repair Step 24: Insert the flat end of a spudger between the watchcase and the battery on the top edge of your Fitbit Ionic. Use the spudger to pry up the battery.

Repair Step 25: Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Lay the watch face-down on a flat, stable surface.

Repair Step 2: Press the watchband down against the work surface. Press the tip of a flathead screwdriver against the edge of the spring-loaded holding pin.

Repair Step 3: With the spring-loaded pin pressed in, the watch band should release easily. Gently pull the band away from the body of the watch. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the opposite side.

Repair Step 4: With the watch laying face-down, locate the four screws. They are located on the back of the watch, at the four corners.

Repair Step 5: Using a Torx-T5 screwdriver, remove each of the four 4mm screws and set them aside.

Repair Step 6: Gently work the plastic opening tool under the top edge of the watch’s back cover.

Repair Step 7: With the watch’s back cover pried loose, gently lift it away from the front half of the watch.

Repair Step 8: Lay both halves of the watch body assembly face down (with internal components facing up).

Repair Step 9: Locate the ribbon cable connector near the edge of the watch's case. Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry the connector from the motherboard

Repair Step 10: Using the plastic opening tool, gently pry away the red spacers. Set the spacers aside.

Repair Step 11: Insert the end of the plastic opening tool under the motherboard. Gently pry up the motherboard.

Teardown Step 1: Outward comparison of the Series 6 (right) with its one-year-old sibling (left) reveals only subtle differences, but that's what teardowns are for. These details we already know: LTPO OLED Retina display optimized for always-on functionality—this time without Force Touch 64-bit dual-core Apple S6 SiP (System in Package) Updated sensor array measuring heart rate, ECG, and now blood oygen levels Compass and realtime altimeter Water resistance to a depth of 50 meters Today's teardown victim is a 44 mm GPS + LTE model, purchased at retail in Germany—but we've also got a 40 mm model that may make a guest appearance, should any interesting comparisons arise.

Teardown Step 2: Underneath the stretchy new watchband, confirmation that this is indeed a new Apple Watch—model number '''A2376'''—and not merely some blue-hued . The other band slot features …nothing at all, so our photo editor indulged in a bit of tech fantasy and added a combination lock—as if opening the case could be so easy. Alas, we expect the same ol' opening procedure we perform . Well, ''almost'' the same: In a surprise twist, the Series 6 takes after newer () iPhones and opens to the side like a book! The procedure is also slightly simplified due to the absence of a Force Touch gasket—a feature now defunct as of watchOS 7. We're happy to see a fragile, damage-prone part retired, but sad to see the final nail in the coffin for Apple's nifty pressure-sensitive display technology. We're torn, but we'll call this a win.

Teardown Step 3: Safety first! Let's get this battery disconnected. The connector is still hidden underneath the battery, but a quick flip from an takes care of that. Subtract one tiny tri-point and one teeny bracket and this wee powerhouse is a freed powerhouse. The 44 mm Watch cell is rated at 1.17 Wh—a slight increase over the , but not quite at the level of the . The smaller 40 mm Series 6 retains the introduced on the , now with a 1.024 Wh capacity. We're a little surprised the larger model still doesn't get the new battery design this year—we thought Watches might follow the pattern set by the iPhone, where in its second year. Summing up: that's a 3.5% increase for the 44 mm battery, and an even bigger 8.5% increase for the 40 mm from their Series 5 counterparts. Slowly but surely, after the big drop from Series 3 to .

Teardown Step 4: The Series 6 features a new, brighter display than the Series 5. It's also brighter on the inside! This year's model not only eschews that pesky Force Touch gasket, it also has fewer display connectors to wrestle. The NFC cable is now routed through a display-side jumper—and there's only one . We love streamlined design, especially when it simplifies repairs! Aside from the aforementioned changes, these displays (Series 5 on the left, 6 on the right) look about the same to the naked eye. That said, we ''did'' bend a newly-placed spring contact during opening, so maybe wait for our repair guides before you bust these bad boys open. '''Teardown update''': Here's a closer look at the display, . This shows the smaller, 40 mm model's screen, which we stripped apart for our .

Teardown Step 5: At first glance, the tri-point-trapped Taptic Engine seems old hat—but it turns out to be bigger than . Maybe the wasn't up to snuff? It's also made using 100% recycled rare earth metals and tungsten this time, which is awesome. (But let's not forget, .) '''Update''': Since we've got Creative Electron's X-rays on tap, . Shake and bake! More battery ''and'' more Taptic Engine—Apple mentioned neither of these in their announcement, but it seems they've quietly pulled out all the stops this year. With all the brawn out of the way, it's time to tackle the brains of this operation: the S6 SiP. Even with our trusty tools, this intricate maze of cabling and hidden screws is no picnic. But as usual, time + tools + technique prevails! At last this Watch regurgitates its remaining contents.

Teardown Step 6: Like most brains, the grey matter in this Series 6 is pretty inscrutable: it's encased in hardened resin, as per usual, making further exploration extremely difficult. '''Update''': Unless you have an X-ray machine, that is! . If you're wondering what all the tiny shapes are, check out the for an explainer. There ''are'' a few more conventional ICs piggybacked onto the package, and we can at least spot a Skyworks chip marked 239-7. The other chips are more mysterious, and none is an exact match for the U1 chip we found in last year's iPhones. It was probably too much to ask for a labeled U1 package, but there ''has'' been . Sans-brains, we can see the Series 6 frame has a slightly modified footprint with a narrower lip for the adhesive gasket, which is now carefully routed around the band mechanism. The modified case and lack of Force Touch gasket probably accounts for the fact that this year's model is a hair thinner, with overall thickness at 10.4 mm (down from 10.74 mm last year). Apple somehow packed more battery ''and'' more Taptic Engine into a (barely) smaller design. Impressive!

Teardown Step 7: We interrupt this program to bring you some x-ray speculation: Processor and memory (SDRAM/NAND Flash) Package on Package Power Management IC WiFi / Bluetooth SoC Microcontroller

Teardown Step 8: Fused display up top, fused sensor array below—we won't find anything but broken pieces if we bust this apart, so let's switch on those X-rays from again for a better look. The dark rectangle in the center is a dense magnet for centering the charger (and may also help from the S6 package). It's surrounded by the control board for the down-firing LEDs and sensors, and the ropey coils of copper for the inductive charger. And here's the (reassembled) pulse oximeter ~~~~ lighting up in Christmas-y fashion! By shining red, green, and infrared light into your skin, then sensing via photodiode how it bounces back, the watch can tell how oxygenated your blood is (). Low blood oxygen levels () can be an indication of COVID-19 or other serious medical issues. The Apple Watch doesn't track body temp like the does. But while both measurements are informative, neither is meant to provide hospital-grade . As a reminder, we're not health experts—so read up! Find out more about , or a ''lot more'' at the .

Teardown Step 9: Leaving all the tiny tri-point screws out of the picture for clarity, we feast our eyes on the latest edition of Apple's ~~mobile health diagnostic machine~~ timepiece. Repair-wise, we're happy to see the fussy Force Touch gasket gone, and only two fragile cables tethering the display. Thicker rubber-like adhesive on the display and back plate also safeguards the watch against unwanted ingress (or in our specific case, ''wanted'' ingress). Despite the almost imperceptibly thinner design, Apple packed in brand-new sensors in addition to the larger-capacity battery and beefier Taptic Engine. They just keep polishing this thing to a higher and higher gloss and it’s almost sneaky how much of it they don’t tell you about, keeping all the focus on the whiz-bang health features. Huge thanks to for partnering up with us once again! They're responsible for all the mind-bending X-rays in this teardown.

Teardown Step 10: The Apple Watch Series 6 earns a '''6 out of 10''' on our repairability scale (10 is the easiest to repair): Screen replacements are difficult but possible. The screen is the first thing to come off, and detaches via ZIF connectors. Battery replacements are reasonably straightforward, once you're inside. Tiny tri-point screws throughout the watch can be difficult to remove and keep track of. Several component flex cables are mounted directly to the S6 package, requiring skilled microsoldering to replace if they are torn.

Repair Step 1: Unscrew the four 3.4 mm flat head screws

Repair Step 2: Carefully lift the back plate off the watch. You will notice a lithium battery and rubber gasket attached to the back plate.

Repair Step 1: Locate the front LCD screen on your device. Fitbit logo should appear in the bottom center of the screen.

Repair Step 2: Push the screen out through the back of the metal ring enclosure. Use a small amount of force on screen to prevent damage. Use other hand to catch screen.

Repair Step 3: Locate the metal pin behind the wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into the blue rectangle enclosure. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 4: Locate the pin behind the second wristband located on the edge of metal ring. Insert the pointed end of the metal spudger into the pin hold and push it into opposite direction. Use a small amount of force to avoid damaging the pins. Remove wristband.

Repair Step 5: Place device screen face down and locate the four screws attaching the back cover. Use a T3 torx head or T3 torx screwdriver to remove the four screws.

Repair Step 6: Grab the back, lift and open like a book to expose the motherboard. Locate the ribbon connector on the left. Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbon connected from the heart rate monitor to the motherboard. Insert and lift the plastic connector to release the ribbon. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 7: Separate the back and set aside, locate the three screws attaching the motherboard. Use a PH000 head or a PH000 screwdriver to remove the three screws.

Repair Step 8: Use a plastic spudger tool on the ribbons connected to the motherboard. Insert the tool under the ribbon and lift to release the connection. Only a small force when lifting the plastic connector is needed to avoid damage.

Repair Step 9: Lift and push the motherboard to the side to uncover the 167mAh battery. Use a plastic spudger tool to pry out the battery from its adhesive plastic underneath. Lift up and pull downward to remove battery. Switch to the top portion of the battery and push downward to pry out battery.

Repair Step 10: Flip the motherboard to located the metal pins from the battery soldered to the board. Desolder the connection to remove the battery component. Follow this guide on how to solder and desolder connectors Excessive heat will damage the components, so do not apply the soldering iron to the component for long amounts of time.

Repair Step 11: Flip the motherboard back to the front to locate the metal pins from the vibration motor soldered to the board. Desolder the connection to remove the motor component. Follow this guide on how to solder and desolder connectors Excessive heat will damage the components, so do not apply the soldering iron to the component for long amounts of time.

Teardown Step 1: The strapless 735xt, the straps are secured by two T6 screws on each side.

Teardown Step 2: The front is glued Use an iFixit Spuder to prise around the glue. It's not necessary to use a heat gun here.

Teardown Step 3: Once the screen moves, carefully remove the ribbon connector and the screen.

Teardown Step 4: Two T6 screws hold the mainboard to the body. The main board will move from where the Spuder is inserted. Remove the green protective tape and disconnect the second ribbon cable before proceeding.

Teardown Step 5: The unit will now be disassembled Unplug the battery by lifting up the connector from the bottom. Further disassembly and analysis to follow...

Teardown Step 6: GNSS receiver looks like MediaTek MT3333 with external amplifier+filter+chip antenna. And ARM7 CPU. The watch has at least 3 Cortex-M4 microcontrollers, not counting Ant+ or GNSS chips! Microchip ATSAMG51, ATSAMG53 and MAX32360 nRF51422 contains ANT+ and Bluetooth LE functionality. And Cortex-M0 CPU to run these.

Teardown Step 7: Insert wisdom here.

Teardown Step 1: Our watches are getting smarter every day. Let's see what the newest generation of Apple wrist accessories has to offer: Second-generation OLED Retina display with Force Touch Consistent with the , the Series 2 comes in two sizes: 38 mm (272 × 340 pixels, 290ppi) and 42 mm (312 × 390 pixels, 302 ppi). Custom-designed Apple S2 [link|] (System in Package) Built in GPS + NFC + Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n 2.4 GHz + Bluetooth 4.0 Accelerometer + gyroscope + heart rate sensor + microphone + speaker + ambient light sensor Water resistance rating (up to 50 meters) WatchOS 3

Teardown Step 2: With the release of the Apple Watch Series 2, the original Apple Watch has been replaced with the "Series 1"—a new model with a snappy dual-core processor. The back of the Series 2 is adorned by a familiar quartet of optical polymer lenses protecting a set of LEDs and photodiodes. Both series offer the same set of interchangeable bands for easy customization. If only every component could be this easy to replace...

Teardown Step 3: Armed with knowledge gleaned from the and our expertise wielding an , we're ready to bust through the adhesive and pop off the screen. Alas, as we pick up the display, we notice that the adhesive is much stronger than what we found in the 2015 model. We assume this change is for the purpose of added . A knife, a pick, and a spoon full of gumption later and we're in!

Teardown Step 4: Externally, the Series 2 bears a strong resemblance to its older sibling—but once inside, we find a set of ZIF connectors in place of the of yesteryear. This refinement is great news for repair. Easily opened and secured connectors increase the likelihood of a successful fix. And tucked away on the back of the display we find a whole host of control hardware: Apple 343S00092 20211CP TD1628A NXP 67V04 NFC Controller (also found in the )

Teardown Step 5: We slide the remaining band away from the body of the watch and start digging for the battery. Just like the battery bracket in its , this piece is held in by a less-than-friendly tri-point screw. Thankfully, our is up to the task! With a deft flick of our spudger this watch is rendered powerless. Is it just us, or is this disassembly off to an easy start?

Teardown Step 6: Welp—as they say—if it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Compared to , the underside of the Series 2 battery reveals enough ~~chewing gum~~ adhesive to hold an iPad screen in place. We hate to see this much adhesive on a tiny battery, but this time we'll give the adhesive on this a break—after all, it lives on your wrist, not in your pocket. We've never backed down from a sticky situation before, and this is no exception. We pick and prod, peel and pull the adhesive off the little power pack—with enough coaxing, it will come clean and reveal its secrets.

Teardown Step 7: With the glue stripped from the back of the battery, we get a closer look at its impressive specs. This cell is rated at 3.77 V and 273 mAh to yield a whopping 1.03 Whr of power. Our watch is the 38 mm—the 42 mm should feature a larger power pack. For those of you keeping score, this battery offers a full 32% increase in power over the —most likely to compensate for the addition of GPS capability. Apple says the Series 2 will have about the same 18-hour battery life as the original Apple Watch, so that GPS must be power hungry. One thing is for sure: this battery, like all batteries, will fail. And when it comes time to replace it, you'll be trading power for resistance—water resistance that is. When the seal is cracked on this watch, all the king's horses and all the king's men probably won't get it watertight again.

Teardown Step 8: Taking a plastic opening tool to the rim of the watch reveals a Force Touch sensor and gasket similar to the one found in the original model. Like its 2015 counterpart, the Series 2 uses to sense downward pressure on the screen. We first encountered Apple's use of this technology in the . ''Unlike'' last year's model, there's a lone IC hiding away on the Force Touch gasket: Analog Devices Capacitance Sensor Controller

Teardown Step 9: Next on our disassembly line is the noticeably larger Taptic Engine. The Taptic Engine is Apple's take on the . It creates motion in a straight line (as opposed to the circular motion of an electric motor), which in turn provides . The concept of a linear resonant actuator isn't unique to Apple devices. Pancake-shaped LRAs have existed in electronic devices for years—but the choice to utilize a rectangular z-axis LRA provides Apple with more design freedom and more control over how the user perceives the vibration.

Teardown Step 10: With the Taptic Engine extracted, we inspect the antenna module found tucked away at the top of the watch. We suspect that the more complicated look of this small assembly is due to the addition of a GPS antenna. It is a tiny component, but the difference is notable when compared to the [guide|40655|first Apple Watch|stepid=93677]. What does GPS capability mean? It means this watch is only one step away from being an independent instrument of Pokemon Go—just as soon as it grows up and gets a real data connection. Enough gawking—it's time to get our [product|IF145-020|tweezers] on what's left of this wearable.

Teardown Step 11: Hiding out on the outer rim, we find a complex cable assembly—home to the microphone and speaker. And in between the two, the mystery of the second microphone port is solved. A flexible rubber plug looks like a barometric vent, designed to allow outside pressure to be felt by the internal barometer through the waterproof shell. The Apple Watch Series 2 is trying to make a splash while keeping dry. This requires no shortage of gaskets and o-rings. How well do these gaskets and o-rings keep water out? The Apple Watch Series 2 resists water intrusion to a depth of 50 meters, under . This means it will be fine in a pool, but may fail during certain .

Teardown Step 12: Did someone say ingress protection? This highly-touted speaker is equipped to deal with incoming water rather than fight it. Unlike the original Apple Watch's speaker—which would simply flood when underwater—this module is ''designed'' to fill with water, then vibrate to pump excess water from the body of the speaker. This pumping action, along with an automatic display shutoff, enables Apple Watch's swimming modes without risking damage to any critical components.

Teardown Step 13: There's one last piece barring us from reaching the belly of the beast: this ribbon cable assembly, where the Home Button and Digital Crown encoder reside. Luckily, no teardown can be thwarted so easily. We quickly move past the gangly assembly to get at the core computer in this little wearable wonder. And, in keeping with the tradition of we make use of our all new Apple Watch Opening Pick to lift the System in Package out of the rear enclosure.

Teardown Step 14: And we finally reach the much awaited Apple S2 SiP—complete with the dreaded On the top of the SiP, tucked into the upper left corner, we spot a tiny pair of components: Bosch Sensortec Barometric Pressure Sensor Likely an iteration of STMicroelectronics C451 gyroscope + accelerometer found in the But wait, isn't that the back? Where all the go? Turns out Apple decided to flip the SiP, so all of the connectors are on the same side as the things they connect to. Imagine that!

Teardown Step 15: All that's left between us and complete teardown glory is the sensor array, housed in the watch's back cover. The four-sensor array includes infrared sensors, visible-light LEDS, and photosensors to track your heart rate throughout the day. With the sensor assembly removed, we spy what we assume is the inductive charging coil left behind in the cover. With the back cover removed, we get a glimpse of one last IC: NXP Semiconductor Analog Front End Controller (likely)

Teardown Step 16: And that's a wrap! With our Apple Watch torn asunder on the teardown table we step back to pick up the pieces—and hope it's still waterproof when we put it all back together. We also want to take a second to thank our friends at Nikkei for joining forces and lending us some space in their Tokyo offices!

Teardown Step 17: Apple Watch Series 2 Repairability Score: '''6 out of 10''' (10 is easiest to repair) While not an industry standard, the watch band is easily removed and swapped out for a replacement. Removing the screen is difficult, but not impossible—it's the first component out, and is connected with easy to use ZIF connectors. Once you're inside, the battery is fairly easy to remove—if you have the proper tri-point Y000 driver. While not proprietary, incredibly tiny tri-point screws are a repair hinderance. Replacing any of the component cables requires microsoldering—but does not require removing the SiP as in the previous generation Apple Watch. The fully encased S2 system makes board-level repairs impossible.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four 3.7 mm-long Torx T2 screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert the edge of a spudger into the the loudspeaker opening at the bottom edge of your watch. When prying up the back cover put a finger on top or the edge of it and hold it down. Too much force during the prying procedure may lead to popping off the back cover too quickly and tearing the rear panel assembly cable. The plastic clamps holding the back cover in place sit very tight and may require some force during the prying procedure. Use a spudger to pry up the rear panel of your Huawei watch GT 3. Don't try to remove the back cover assembly all the way yet, it's still connected to the daughterboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully swing the rear panel assembly open to an upward position. To avoid straining the rear panel assembly cable during following repair steps you can [link| it against an object of your choice|new_window=true].

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding the back cover to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 1: Hold the the metal screwdriver, with a T5 Torx bit, in your dominant hand. Hold the rubber screwdriver, with a Hex T6 Torx bit, in your other hand. While holding the rubber screwdriver in place, simultaneously unscrew the pin (counterclockwise) with the metal screwdriver in your dominant hand.

Repair Step 2: Once the 1mm screw is removed, reinsert the metal screwdriver in that same hole. Gently push the strap's pin out. It will begin to protrude from the other end. Use your fingers to grab the exposed pin and slide it free. The strap should now be disconnected from the device.

Repair Step 3: Place a heated iOpener over the display to loosen the adhesive. After about a minute, the iOpener may be removed. For more in depth instructions on using the iOpener, refer to the .

Repair Step 4: Place the blue plastic opening tool in-between the screen and plastic casing of the watch and slowly pry up one side of the screen.

Repair Step 5: Once the first side has come free, wedge the blue pick in between the screen and watch unit on that side. Complete one pass around the perimeter of the screen to break the adhesive bond on all four sides. Insert it a minimal distance to avoid damaging internal components.

Repair Step 6: Use the blue plastic opening tool to pry up the side of the glass. Raise it to a point where your fingernail can fit in the gap. Do the same on the opposite side of the device until you have a good grip of the screen.

Repair Step 7: Obtain a careful grip of the screen from two of its sides. Slowly lift the screen off of the case. Separate it just enough so as not to damage the connection to the motherboard.

Repair Step 8: Detach the orange tab that connects the screen to the motherboard with a gentle uplift using a plastic opening tool. Upon completing this step, the screen should be free from the rest of the device.

Repair Step 9: Follow previous guides until you've exposed the battery as shown. Begin by removing the battery connector tab. Be sure not to use a metal implement or your fingers to remove this tab. Doing so may cause personal harm or damage to the electrical components.

Repair Step 10: Use a plastic opening pick to gently pry out the battery as shown. The battery is Lithium Polymer, follow safe handling procedures and DO NOT deform it upon removal.

Repair Step 11: With the battery loose from the case, rotate it to expose the attached tab Gently pry up the attached tab with a fingernail. Keep the vibrator, circled in red, as you may need to solder it to the new battery upon re-installation later.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: (or grab a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch until it's slightly too hot to touch. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least a minute to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener, or move it around on the screen as sections cool, to heat the screen enough to pry it off.

Repair Step 3: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is required to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying.

Repair Step 4: Using a curved blade minimizes the chance of scratching the case or cracking the glass. Only pry with the curved section of the blade, and not the tip or flat section. Place the curved section of the blade in the gap between the glass and case on the lower edge of the watch face, and press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Be very careful to maintain complete control over the knife—once the gap opens, if you're pressing too hard on the knife it may slip in and cut the battery. This should wedge the gap open and cause the glass to lift slightly up from the case. When the glass has lifted, gently rotate the knife down, opening the gap more by pushing the glass up.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened the gap enough, insert the tip of an opening pick under the glass. Slide the pick along the bottom edge to separate adhesive holding the screen to the case. Be careful not to insert the opening pick too far. Only about 1/8" ( about 3 mm) is necessary, any deeper and you may damage cables.

Repair Step 6: Roll the opening pick up the side of the button side of the watch, gently pushing in to separate the adhesive and widening the gap as you go. Remember not to push the pick in too far—it's easier to avoid this by rolling the pick, rather than dragging a tip along.

Repair Step 7: Work the pick around the top right corner, and roll it along the top edge of the screen.

Repair Step 8: Continue working the pick around the perimeter of the screen, rolling down along the left side to cut the last of the adhesive. Leave the pick in place to keep the adhesive from resealing the screen in place.

Repair Step 9: While holding the first pick in place, use a second to check that all of the adhesive is separated around the entire perimeter of the screen.

Repair Step 10: There are two cables connecting the screen to the inside of the watch, near the top left corner. Be careful when prying or you may damage these cables. Pry slightly up on the right side of the screen, to free it from any remaining adhesive. Pry up on the left to free it as well—but '''do not attempt to remove the screen''' as it is still held in place by two cables.

Repair Step 11: If you can see the top layer of your Force Touch sensor among the display adhesive, it means the two layers of the sensor separated and you're going to need to replace or repair it. iFixit screen and battery repair kits come with a replacement Force Touch sensor, so if you got one of those, don't fret. The top layer of the sensor may be adhered to the back of the screen—if so, push it back down and separate it.

Repair Step 12: Lift the screen up and shift it to the left, minding the display data and digitizer cables.

Repair Step 13: Place the watch on an elevated surface, at least 1/2" or 1 cm tall—a small box or the edge of a book will work great. This will allow the screen to hang down vertically and give better access to the battery. Be careful not to bump the screen or strain the cables while you work.

Repair Step 14: Use scissors to cut one of your opening picks to about the width of the battery. Try not to leave any sharp corners. Insert the modified pick between the right side of the battery and the case. Use constant, steady pressure to ''slowly'' pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Be careful not to deform or puncture the battery. On the larger (42 mm) models, it's possible to underneath the battery. Insert the pick only far enough to get underneath the battery, not the system board. If needed, apply a little high concentration isopropyl alcohol (90% or greater) around and under the battery to help weaken the adhesive. '''Do not''' attempt to remove the battery as it is still connected.

Repair Step 15: Rotate the battery counterclockwise to expose its connector.

Repair Step 16: Hold the battery up and out of the way, to expose the battery cable connector. Use a plastic opening tool, prying against the bottom of the case to separate the battery cable connector from the watch's battery cable. Remove the battery from the watch. If the battery is visibly dented or deformed, it should be replaced. For best results, replace with a new battery whenever it is removed.

Repair Step 17: Fold the screen up and over to the right, to expose the cables underneath.

Repair Step 18: The display and digitizer cable connectors are secured beneath a small metal bracket that is adhered to the speaker. Use a plastic opening tool to flip the bracket toward the display and up from the speaker. If you simply pry toward the watch band you may tear the cables.

Repair Step 19: Steady the bracket from the left side using your fingers or [product|IF145-020|tweezers]. At the same time, insert a small (1 mm) flathead screwdriver under the tiny tab on the right. Finally, place one finger behind the tab, and pinch the bracket ''hard'' between your finger and the screwdriver to detach the cover. This releases two slotted tabs that hold the cover to the bracket, and should free the cover. Prying the cover off can be challenging and may take more than one attempt. Be patient, and take care not to pull on the bracket or tear the attached cables.

Repair Step 20: Grab the cover with your tweezers and slide it toward the top of the watch to free the final slotted tab, and remove the cover.

Repair Step 21: Carefully pry up to disconnect the display data and digitizer cables. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity. Remove the display.

Repair Step 22: Use a to remove the single tri-point screw securing the Force Touch sensor connector cable. This screw is very small and strips easily. Keep your driver at the correct angle and ''push'' to apply pressure to the screw as you turn.

Repair Step 23: Use a plastic opening tool to flip the Force Touch sensor cable connector straight down, disconnecting it.

Repair Step 24: Microwave your iOpener for another 30 seconds, and apply it to the front of the watch case to soften the adhesive securing the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 25: Use a plastic opening pick and [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the Force Touch sensor from the case.

Repair Step 26: Use tweezers to peel up any adhesive left behind on the lower case. Clean all traces of adhesive (and broken glass, if any) thoroughly from the case before re-sealing your watch. Scour the case using the tip of an opening tool or spudger wrapped in a lint-free cloth or coffee filter, along with a little isopropyl alcohol (90% concentration or greater). Don't rush this step. Even a small amount of residue can prevent your display from bonding to the case, causing it to come loose over time.

Repair Step 27: If you're re-using your existing screen, this is a good time to remove the old adhesive from there as well. (If you're installing a new screen, ignore this step.) Use a plastic opening tool to scrape off the old adhesive around the edge of the screen. If possible, peel off larger pieces using tweezers. Thoroughly clean the area under the adhesive with isopropyl alcohol.

Repair Step 28: Set your new Force Touch sensor face-down (with the connector pins facing away from you). Peel off and discard the first protective liner, exposing the adhesive underneath.

Repair Step 29: With the exposed adhesive facing down, carefully align the Force Touch sensor and place it into the watch case. Be sure to properly orient it, with the connector in the lower left corner, facing up.

Repair Step 30: Gently but firmly press the Force Touch sensor into place all around the perimeter of the watch case.

Repair Step 31: Use tweezers to fold the Force Touch sensor cable connector back up onto its socket. Then use a plastic opening tool to press the cable connector into the socket.

Repair Step 32: Replace the Y000 tri-point screw securing the Force Touch sensor connector cable.

Repair Step 33: Use a plastic opening tool to reconnect the display data and digitizer cable connectors. Be careful not to touch any of the exposed pins directly, as your finger oils may impede connectivity.

Repair Step 34: Set the display connector bracket cover in place and slide it lengthwise to secure the large slotted tab at one end. Press down on the cover to click the two smaller tabs at the other end into place.

Repair Step 35: Line the battery connector up with its mate on the cable inside the watch body. Use tweezers to press the two connectors together.

Repair Step 36: If you're using a replacement battery that came with pre-installed adhesive, peel off the protective tab now, exposing the adhesive. If needed, try re-using the existing adhesive to secure the battery. Alternatively, try a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as . Rotate the battery down into its slot, and press it into position. Press the battery down against the system board to re-adhere it in place. Now is the best time to test powering on your watch and test the force touch function—if it doesn't turn on, double check all three connectors and try again.

Repair Step 37: Use tweezers to peel up the adhesive liner. Peel the liner up halfway, then snip it with scissors so you can peel the rest off without it snagging on the display.

Repair Step 38: Move the screen back to the right, folding the display data and digitizer cables neatly. Center the screen over the case and press it down firmly onto the adhesive.

Repair Step 39: For best results, detach the watch band and wrap a couple rubber bands around the Apple Watch's case to help the adhesive bond correctly.

Repair Step 1: To begin the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband, first remove the device from the rubber wristband.

Repair Step 2: Finish the disassembly of your NikePlus Sportband by utilizing the metal spudger tool on the short edge to pry the external body pieces apart.

Repair Step 3: After the cover had been removed, use the metal spudger tool to remove the body of the device from the casing.

Repair Step 4: Use the metal [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to pry the screen casing from the body of the device. The screen casing is fastened to the body of the device by four clips located in each corner of the casing.

Repair Step 5: Flip the body of the device over so that the screen is now on the bottom. The display ribbon cable is soldered to the motherboard. We were able to peel up the ribbon cable with a pair of tweezers. Successfully resoldering this ribbon cable to the motherboard may prove difficult to the very small traces.

Repair Step 6: Flip the body of the device back over so that the screen is facing up. Using the tweezers, gently lift the screen from body of the device.

Repair Step 1: In this guide, the wrist band of the Polar V800 is removed for a clear view of the back panel. If you find it helpful, you may want to remove the wrist strap. Please reference the guide for removal instructions if you wish to do so. Ensure your Polar V800 sports watch is powered off before continuing. Remove the eight, 7.4 millimeter-long screws on the back of the watch with a T5 head-type, torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 2: Gently separate the watch housing from the back panel. The watch should come apart easily after removing the screws. If you experience difficulties separating the housing and and back cover, use a spudger to gently pry apart the back panel and the button and screen protector housing.

Repair Step 3: The waterproofing seal is the red, elastic band that surrounds the display of the watch. Remove the waterproofing seal. During reassembly, align the red seal in the groove surrounding the glass screen on the main watch housing to ensure a watertight seal.

Repair Step 4: Though not necessary, following the first may make the motherboard easier to remove. Remove the nine, 4.0 millimeter-long screws with a T5 head-type torque screwdriver.

Repair Step 5: Once all of the screws have been removed, lift the motherboard to expose the battery beneath motherboard. A red wire and a black wire should run between the motherboard and the battery.

Repair Step 6: The battery is glued down to the back of the watch. It may take some force to detach the battery at the glue joint. Use a spudger to pry the battery from the back of the watch. If your battery is swollen, be very careful in removing the battery. If the packaging is ruptured, the battery will be unsafe to handle with bare hands. The contents of the battery are hazardous.

Repair Step 7: Gently pull the wires from their solder joints to disconnect them from the body of the watch. If the wires do not come off easily, you may need to desolder the connections. Visit for more help on soldering. To reconnect the wires to their solder joints, they must be soldered on. See the guide linked above for more guidance.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4.0 mm-long screws securing the back cover.

Repair Step 3: Insert an opening tool into the seam between the back cover and the metal housing. Twist the opening tool to create a gap. Don't try to remove the back cover all the way yet. The sensor flex cable is still connected to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Lay the watch face down. Carefully swing open the back cover by folding it to the opposite site of the created gap. Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. Make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged. If damaged, replace it with a new one during reassembly to maintain proper water resistance.

Repair Step 1: Spring bars attach the two halves of the wristband to the watch body. The spring bar has a shoulder on either end. Be prepared to apply some pressure with your fingers to perform the following action. First, slide the wristband down on the spring bar to expose the shoulder of the spring bar. Grasp the exposed shoulder with the [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to perform the next step.

Repair Step 2: This is a challenging step. Do it carefully to prevent the spring bar from flying out of the wristband. Use the tweezer to depress the spring bar so that it collapses by a few millimeters and pops out of the hole that was holding it in place. Now carefully pull the other end of the spring bar to detach the wristband from the watch face. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for the other wristband.

Repair Step 1: Push and hold the lower button for at least 7 seconds. Let go of the button when you see the watch restart.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the watch: Press and hold the top button for >3 sec. Tap "Power off".

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 3.5 mm-long T3 Torx screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 4: Place the point of a spudger in the small hole on the side of the rear case. Use the spudger to push the rear case away from the housing to create a small gap. Use steady force to separate the two parts. Steady the rear case with a finger to avoid it suddenly popping open and damaging the flex cable. Don’t open the rear case all the way just yet. It is still connected to the motherboard with a thin flex cable.

Repair Step 5: Flip the rear case assembly open towards the buttons to access the interconnect flex cable connector.

Repair Step 6: Remove the 2.5 mm-long Phillips screw securing the interconnect cable bracket. When re-assembling you might need a pair of pointy [product|IF145-020-5|angled tweezers] to position the screw since they are non-ferrous and therefore don’t stick to the magnetic bit.

Repair Step 7: Use a pair of tweezers to slide the interconnect cable bracket down and left to unlatch it. Remove the interconnect cable bracket. For reassembly make sure to slide the bracket into place from bottom left towards top right to engage the small latch.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and unplug the interconnect cable. Remove the rear case assembly.

Repair Step 9: Use the point of a spudger to slide the bottom part of the display connector bracket towards the buttons to disengage its latch. When reassembling make sure the top part of the bracket sits properly before sliding the bottom part into place.

Repair Step 10: Grab the bottom part of the bracket with a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] and lift it up and out of its top latch. Remove the bracket. For reassembly first position the top part of the bracket into its latch and over the screw boss before sliding the bottom part into place.

Repair Step 11: Use a spudger to pry up and unplug both display connectors.

Repair Step 12: Remove the four 2.5 mm-long Phillips screws from the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Check that the button cables are not obstructing the motherboard. If necessary, gently press the cables toward the buttons to bend them out of the way with a pair of tweezers or a spudger.

Repair Step 14: Use a pair of tweezers to grab the part of the motherboard closest to the buttons. Lift up that side of the motherboard first to free it from underneath the case on the opposite side. Remove the motherboard. For reassembly shift the motherboard into place underneath the case near the display cables before lower the part near the buttons.

Repair Step 1: Begin by laying the watch on a flat, smooth surface. This will prevent the watch screen from suffering damage. Obtain a Flex Extension with a Size 1.0 mm flat-head. In the case of not having said tool, for this model of watch one can use the hands to replace the strap.

Repair Step 2: Locate the two springs on the back of your watch. The watch comes with two of these springs on each side of the back-face. These are used to release the straps from the body of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use the Flex Extension to push the spring to the right. This will release the strap from the watch head.

Repair Step 4: Carefully pull the strap away from the watch.

Repair Step 5: Repeat step 3, this time using the other strap.

Repair Step 6: Locate the 4 T3 screws in the back of your watch, and use the T3 Torx Screwdriver to unscrew them.

Repair Step 7: Use the Metal Spudger to pry open the back of your watch. Make sure the watch is off and not plugged in when prying into the case with the Metal Spudger to avoid the risk of electric shock.

Repair Step 8: Remove the back case.

Repair Step 9: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] or a nylon spudger to pry up the four press-fit connectors. The glued-down connector in the middle is harder to remove than the rest. That is perfectly fine.

Repair Step 10: Locate the two Phillips #00 screws holding down the motherboard, and use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to remove them. Ensure to place these screws separately from the Torx screws, as they can easily be mixed up.

Repair Step 11: Use the Metal Spudger to lift the mother board from the watch. The metal spudger may cause damage to the device, use a when possible.

Repair Step 12: Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 1: Remove the 4 JIS 00 6.71 mm screws.

Repair Step 2: Pull off the back cover of the watch after the 4 screws are removed from the first step. Be careful not to remove the Data Strip (Brown Strip) from either chip.

Repair Step 3: Use some [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the small white clip for the battery from the circuit board.

Repair Step 2: Use an opening tool to get between the back cover and the metal housing of the watch. Carefully pry the plastic back cover open. Don't remove the back cover yet. There is a flex cable running to the core assembly inside.

Repair Step 3: Lay down the watch and lift the back cover to access the sensor connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover. When closing the watch make sure the rubber gasket is undamaged or replace it with a new one.

Repair Step 6: Use a spudger to disconnect the display flex cable from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Lift the core unit out of the housing. The core's plastic frame sits tight inside the housing. Carefully thread the display flex cable through the gap of the core's plastic frame.

Repair Step 8: Use a spudger to disconnect the hall sensor flex cable.

Repair Step 9: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to gently peel both button cables from the plastic frame. The button cables have metal plates behind them. These plates should remain on the cables.

Repair Step 10: Remove the single Phillips #00 screw (3.4 mm length).

Repair Step 11: Insert a spudger into the small gap underneath the motherboard where the cutout in the plastic frame is. Lift the motherboard by twisting the spudger. Slide the motherboard out from under the plastic tab.

Repair Step 12: Remove the motherboard.

Repair Step 13: Push the battery out of its recess through the cutout in the plastic frame. The battery cable may slightly stick to the plastic frame—pull carefully. Remove the battery.

Repair Step 1: Begin by flipping the watch over with its back facing upwards.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to unscrew the four 6.0 mm screws located in each corner of the watch to remove the backplate.

Repair Step 3: Gently lift the backplate up to remove it.

Repair Step 4: After removing the backplate, lift the master switch up from the circuit board.

Repair Step 1: Turn off the Galaxy Watch Active by pushing and holding the bottom button for approximately 3 seconds. You should feel a short vibration. When the "Power off" symbol appears tap the center of the screen to make it shut down. You should feel a longer vibration for confirmation.

Repair Step 2: Use a Tri-point Y00 screwdriver to remove the four 4 mm-long screws on the back of the watch.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool and place it between the plastic back cover and the metal housing near the buttons. Push the tip of the opening tool into the gap to separate the back cover from the housing. Don’t remove the back cover all the way yet. There is a cable connecting it to the motherboard.

Repair Step 4: Carefully lift the back cover approximately 2 cm to access the sensor array connector near the two buttons. Use a spudger to disconnect the sensor array from the motherboard.

Repair Step 5: Remove the back cover.

Repair Step 6: Use an opening pick and slide it underneath the sensor array which is slightly glued in place. Carefully twist the opening pick to separate the sensor array from the back cover.

Repair Step 7: Remove the sensor array from the back cover.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. If your touchscreen is broken and prevents powering off the watch, .

Repair Step 2: Because the gap between the screen and watch body is so thin, a sharp blade is needed to separate the two. '''Read the following warnings carefully before proceeding.''' '''Protect your fingers''' by keeping them completely clear of the knife. If in doubt, protect your free hand with a heavy glove, such as a leather shop glove or gardening glove. Be careful '''not to apply too much pressure,''' as this might cause the knife to slip and cut you, or damage the watch. '''Wear ''' The knife or glass may break, sending pieces flying. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 3: (or use a hair dryer or heat gun) and heat the face of the watch to loosen the display adhesive. Leave the iOpener on the watch for at least two minutes to fully heat the screen and soften the adhesive holding it to the case. You may need to reheat the iOpener and repeat this procedure several times until the display adhesive gets loose enough.

Repair Step 4: Place the edge of a curved blade into the thin gap between the display and the outer case. Start at the short side of the display, closest to the digital crown. Press firmly ''straight down'' into the gap. Once inserted, tilt the blade to pry the display open slightly. Do not insert the knife more than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging the Force Touch sensor.

Repair Step 5: Once you've opened a small gap with the curved blade, remove the blade and insert the thinner edge of an opening tool into the gap. Push the opening tool into the gap, using your thumb as a pivot to lift the display open a bit farther. Don't try to fully open or detach the display yet.

Repair Step 6: It's likely that the Force Touch sensor will stick to the display frame instead to the watch's body. In this case, insert an opening pick under the display and carefully separate the Force Touch gasket from the display. To preserve the Force Touch gasket, pry carefully under the edge of the display. If the Force Touch gasket splits when lifting the display, or if you separate the gasket layers, you'll also need to replace the Force Touch gasket itself. Slide the pick around the display to separate the adhesive between the Force Touch gasket and the display. Don't insert the opening pick deeper than 1/16th of an inch (~2 mm) to avoid damaging other components.

Repair Step 7: To avoid straining the display cables, don't open the display all the way yet. Open the display at max. to an 45° angle, and use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel off the adhesive between the display and the Force Touch gasket. Thread the adhesive around and behind the display cables to get it off completely. Since the adhesive needs to be replaced anyway, you can cut it if that makes removal easier for you. Make sure to return to this point during the reassembly of your watch and then continue with the [guide|134081|Resealing Procedure|new_window=true].

Repair Step 8: Carefully fold the screen to the back until you get enough space to pry out the battery. Avoid tensioning the display cables when folding the screen to the back. Insert an opening pick between the battery and the Taptic Engine. A regular opening pick works fine with the 44mm version of the Apple Watch Series 4. However if you own the 40mm version and don't have enough space you can .

Repair Step 9: Slide the opening pick along the edge of the battery to loosen the adhesive. The adhesive which holds the battery in place is soft. However, if you're struggling to pry out the battery you can place a on the rear side of the watch to loosen the adhesive. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes. Use constant, steady pressure to slowly pry the battery up, separating it from the adhesive securing it to the system board. Mind the display cables and especially the Force Touch cable which covers the battery in one corner so you don't damage them when levering the battery out. Make sure you don't puncture or deform the battery, as it can catch fire and/or explode if damaged. Don't try to remove the battery all the way yet. It is still connected to the watch assembly.

Repair Step 10: Carefully lift the battery and bring it in a 75° angle. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to peel the black sticker off the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 11: Remove the Y000 screw (1.2 mm length).

Repair Step 12: Use a pair of tweezers to remove the metal plate which covers the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the pointed end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery. Be sure to remove the protective liner to expose the adhesive on your new battery before you set it in place. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard. If you are reusing your old battery during reassembly, you can reuse the existing adhesive to secure the battery during reassembly. Alternatively, remove the old adhesive with high isopropyl alcohol and a lint free cloth and use a small piece of double-sided tape such as , or a dab of liquid adhesive such as .

Repair Step 15: The following steps describe how to apply replacement adhesive in preparation for the resealing procedure. Apply a little bit of high isopropyl alcohol (>99%) to a Q-tip or use a to gently remove the leftover adhesive on top of the Force Touch gasket. To remove the adhesive on the edge where the display cables are running, fold down the display and carefully pull it away from the frame so there's enough space for cleaning.

Repair Step 16: Flip the Apple Watch upside down so the display lays flat while lifting up the case. Remove the leftover adhesive from the back of the display.

Repair Step 17: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove the replacement adhesive with the blue protective film from the backing paper.

Repair Step 18: Hold the replacement adhesive diagonally to thread it over the display. Slightly tilt the display forward so you can align the adhesive with the frame. Position the replacement adhesive on top of the Force Touch gasket.

Repair Step 19: Use the pointed end of a spudger to make final position adjustments and press the adhesive into place. Follow to reseal your watch after reassembly.

Repair Step 1: Remove the six T5 Torx 6.32mm screws securing the back cover to the watch.

Repair Step 2: Remove the back cover carefully. Even after the screws have been removed, the back cover can still be quite difficult to take off. Moderate to extensive prying may be required. Be gentle, but ''firm''.

Repair Step 3: On the back cover use a plastic opening tool to remove the green tape retaining the battery.

Repair Step 4: Remove the green tape shrouding the battery connector.

Repair Step 5: Use the ESD safe [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to push the connector and metal shroud out from the back of the connector. Remove the third and fourth wires from the right of the connector (as seen when looking from the angle in the photo). They should be red and black respectively. DO NOT attempt to pull the wire from the connector, it will pull the wire from the metal shroud shown in the red box, which needs to be preserved for the connection to be successful.

Repair Step 6: Use the ESD safe tweezers to break the adhesive between the back cover and the battery. Remove the battery.

Repair Step 7: Remove the green tape on the back of the battery, it can be reused later.

Repair Step 1: Begin by flipping the watch over with its back facing upwards.

Repair Step 2: Next, use the Phillips #00 screwdriver to unscrew the four 6.0 mm screws located in each corner of the watch to remove the backplate.

Repair Step 3: Gently lift the backplate up to remove it.

Repair Step 4: After removing the backplate, lift the master switch up from the circuit board.

Repair Step 5: Using a Phillips #00 screwdriver, remove the 0.6 mm screw.

Repair Step 6: Carefully remove the speaker from the case without disconnecting it from the motherboard.

Repair Step 7: Using the [product|IF145-020|tweezers], carefully lift the bar holding the connection to the screen. Remove the motherboard from the device.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four Torx T2 screws (4.5 mm length).

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the four plastic covers sitting next to the watch band holders.

Repair Step 4: Insert an opening tool into the gap between the back cover and the watch case at the bottom edge of the back cover. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover of the Huawei Watch 2. Do not remove the back cover assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully fold the back cover assembly to the opposite side of the two watch crowns.

Repair Step 6: Remove the Phillips #00 screw (1.8 mm length).

Repair Step 7: The heart rate sensor flex cable is attached to the metal shield which covers the battery connector. In order to avoid damage to the flex cable, only grab the metal shield on the bottom end where the Phillips screw was located. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove the metal shield. Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

Repair Step 9: In the following step you're going to pry out the battery. In order to avoid damage to the flex cables running underneath the battery, only pry in the red marked areas.

Repair Step 10: Apply a to the screen to loosen the adhesive which is holding the battery in place. Apply the iOpener for at least two minutes.

Repair Step 11: Insert the flat end of a spudger between the bottom edge of the battery and the back cover. Use the spudger to carefully pry the battery out of its recess.

Repair Step 12: Remove the battery. Do not reinstall a damaged or deformed battery, as doing so is a potential safety hazard.

Repair Step 1: Use your finger or the tip of a spudger to compress the pin securing the watch band. With the pin compressed, remove the watch band.

Repair Step 2: Insert an opening tool to into the small notch next to the microphone hole. Slide the opening tool around the perimeter of the trim ring while prying up slightly to slice through the adhesive securing the ring to the watch. If the trim ring does not readily separate from the watch, heat it with an iOpener or hair dryer to soften the adhesive. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 3: Use an opening tool to slowly pry the button trim ring straight up. If you bend or rotate the trim ring while removing it, you may damage the small pins that secure it. Remove the trim ring.

Repair Step 4: Use a small pin spanner to unscrew the button. If you don't have access to the proper spanner, you can use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers], a very small screwdriver, or a paperclip to unscrew the button assembly. Insert your chosen tool into one of the grooves around the button and push sideways. There is blue thread locker on these threads, so light heat on the button may help to soften the thread locker. Remove the button. There is a small red o-ring that may fall off the button threads when the button is removed. Make sure not to lose the o-ring.

Repair Step 5: While holding the outer case steady, twist the inner watch assembly clockwise until it stops.

Repair Step 6: Hold the outer watch case steady and push against the bottom of the inner assembly to remove the inner assembly from the frame. It should not take much force to push the inner assembly out of the watch frame. If it seems stuck, make sure that you've rotated the inner assembly far enough to release it from the frame.

Repair Step 7: Use a fingernail or opening tool to pry the plastic lower assembly away from the display assembly. Do not completely separate the lower assembly from the display assembly yet. There is a cable connecting the two that must be disconnected first.

Repair Step 8: Use tweezers to remove the small rubber strip between the battery and the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 9: Use a spudger to lift the locking flap on the display ZIF connector.

Repair Step 10: Lift the display cable straight out of its connector on the motherboard.

Repair Step 11: Use the flat end of a spudger to gently pry the battery out of the case. The adhesive can be stubborn. If the battery does not come out initially, apply heat to soften the adhesive. If the shield over the motherboard comes off with the battery, use an opening pick to separate the battery and the shield, then snap the shield back onto the motherboard. Do not pull the battery all the way out after you separate it from the shield. There is a fragile battery cable that must be disconnected before the battery is completely removed.

Repair Step 12: Use [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to lift out the grey plastic cover over the battery connector.

Repair Step 13: Use the point of a spudger to pry up the battery connector and disconnect the battery.

Repair Step 14: Remove the battery.

Repair Step 15: Detach the copper ribbon connecting the motherboard and the display. Use the spudger to separate the motherboard casing from the rear housing.

Teardown Step 1: Use your iFixit Pro Tech Knife to slice and pry the different colored front and rear cases apart, as shown

Teardown Step 2: Remove the logic board/display assembly from the rear case

Teardown Step 3: Use your knife to slice off the bottom edge of the sticker found here on the rear of the board

Teardown Step 4: Use a spudger to gently pry the display away from the logic board Pry softly in each corner of the display, under the black frame

Teardown Step 5: Seems to be it. The display doesn't appear to be separable from the logic board, sadly, making repairability completely out of the question.

Teardown Step 1: Take the 4 Screws out of the Sides you will need a T3 star Screw Driver

Teardown Step 2: You Pry out the Main board you can see the Metal Hooks

Teardown Step 3: You can Then pull out the Screws from around the Screen

Repair Step 1: Flip the watch over so that the face is down. Using a Y#0 screwdriver, unscrew the four 3.5 millimeter tri-head screws. Remember to turn off the watch to avoid being shocked.

Repair Step 2: Using your finger, push forward on the release while pulling up on the strap. You may find it helpful to use the flat end of a spudger to push on the release instead of your finger.

Repair Step 3: Repeat the procedure from step 2 for the other strap.

Repair Step 4: Insert a plastic opening tool between the top and bottom portions of the case, and gently pry off the back. Do not insert the tool more than 3 millimeters into the case. Inserting more than 3 mm may damage the seal and electric components.

Repair Step 5: Using a Philips head #00 screwdriver, remove the two 3.6 millimeter screws.

Repair Step 6: Using a spudger, pry up the three cables.

Repair Step 7: Using the flat end of a spudger, pry up the motherboard. Make sure the cable is fed through the hole to avoid damaging it. The motherboard is attached to the battery casing, so place the motherboard in the orientation shown once freed.

Repair Step 1: Take new watch strap and springbars, insert one side into the hole on watch case. Using the 1.5mm flat head screwdriver compress the spring bar until you can slide the band in between the bars on the watch case.

Repair Step 1: Insert the Jaxa tool into the top and bottom holes and turn counter-clockwise to open the back.

Repair Step 2: Pull back the black adhesive strips to give you access to the electrical strips. These should also disconnect by simply lifting the flat metal end.

Repair Step 1: Grasp the body of the watch between your thumb and your index finger. Slide the band through its clasp.

Repair Step 2: Repeat step 1 for the next band.

Repair Step 3: Remove the four 5.24 mm screws using a Phillips #0 screwdriver. Remove the back panel.

Repair Step 4: Pull on the white tab to release the battery. While holding the watch upside down, pull the battery out.

Repair Step 1: Before starting repairs, take your watch off the charger and power it down. Feel free to attach or remove the watch band as needed to provide more control as you make repairs.

Repair Step 2: Remove the four Torx T2 screws (4.5 mm length).

Repair Step 3: Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to remove the four plastic covers sitting next to the watch band holders.

Repair Step 4: Insert an opening tool into the gap between the back cover and the watch case at the bottom edge of the back cover. Use the opening tool to pry up the back cover of the Huawei Watch 2. Do not remove the back cover assembly all the way yet—it's still connected to the mainboard.

Repair Step 5: Carefully fold the back cover assembly to the opposite side of the two watch crowns.

Repair Step 6: Remove the Phillips #00 screw (1.8 mm length).

Repair Step 7: The heart rate sensor flex cable is attached to the metal shield which covers the battery connector. In order to avoid damage to the flex cable, only grab the metal shield on the bottom end where the Phillips screw was located. Use a pair of [product|IF145-020|tweezers] to carefully remove the metal shield. Remove the back cover assembly.

Repair Step 8: Use the flat end of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the battery flex cable.

